1	10. Jean-Sebastien Giguere on the fallout from his comments: "I don't regret doing it..
2	10. The New York Times had a report that stated the Obamacare mess could kill all of the liberal dreams.
3	10. The Roberto Luongo situation is the Coronation Street of NHL soap operas.
4	11:28 p.m., harassment was reported on King Street.
5	11 Excellent Reasons Not to Vote?
6	1:45 p.m., a case involving identity theft was reported on Silver Street.
7	14. A white American is three times more likely to become a doctor than a black American.
8	1:52 p.m., a motor vehicle accident was reported on Airport Road and Western Avenue.
9	15. The Cincinnati defense has done a nice job adjusting to life without Geno Atkins, widely regarded as the league's best D-tackle.
10	16. Program Requirements and Restrictions: All participants are expected to participate fully in the program.
11	17 of the kids who play at the Cicero facility will be relocated to Head Start centers.
12	1956-1975 - Host of game show "Truth or Consequences" on NBC.
13	19 Aug 2013The tiny church of St Fechin’s in Fore was filled with laughter and warm greetings on Saturday week last.
14	19 year old Derrius Kelly has been taken into custody, and now faces a misdemeanor charge of indecent exposure.
15	1-All bonds and fines are set by laws; this girl's income has nothing to do with it, it's what's been predetermined.
16	1. Associating: Innovators associate ideas that are previously unconnected either to solve problems or create something new.
17	1. If you have to go outside after an ice storm, watch for branches or wires that could break or fall due to the weight of the ice.
18	1) 'It's hurt her professionally'
19	1. Never leave your child alone in a car, even for a minute.
20	2013 Associated Press File Photo Denver Broncos guard John Moffitt says he quit the NFL this week not because he was unhappy with a lack of playing time in Denver but because he’d lost his love for the game and was tired of risking his health.
21	2013 August 11 - Runoff presidential poll holds between Ibrahim Boubacar Keita and Soumaïla Cissé.
22	20. Sounds like goalie equipment might also come up at the March GMs meeting.
23	20. To see beyond today's issues that Africa is facing.
24	20. Wash reusable grocery bags frequently.
25	217 E. Houston St. (212-260-4700)—March 28: Charm and sincerity are the outstanding traits of the Seattle six-piece Hey Marseilles, who fuse traditional pop and classical instrumentation to make what they call “folkestra.”
26	2:39 a.m., disorderly conduct was reported near Hannaford supermarket on Cony Street.
27	2. Approved a resolution endorsing a new economic development partnership between the Lowcountry Economic Alliance and a similar group in Sumter County.
28	2. Google Maps to replace image of murder scene in Richmond, Calif.
29	2. In Gaza, a Palestinian man holds his son up in the air as the sunset reflects into flood waters on Dec. 17, 2013.
30	2. Is there a market for justice?
31	2. It had to be airborne for 60 seconds.
32	2. Laker injuries have NOT resulted in "missing several games" - far worse.
33	2. Liberally season all sides of pork with kosher salt and freshly ground pepper.
34	2. LI works with your local utility to verify exact energy savings and reserve rebates available to you.
35	2 p.m. Steph and Liv go to the grocery store, come home, put groceries away.
36	2. Using a 1-inch foam brush quickly paint one sheet at a time.
37	2. Veterans and marching bands will once again head down Constitution Ave. on Monday for the National Memorial Day Parade, which begins at 2 p.m. Sure, you could stay home and watch the parade on TV or live stream.
38	36. Find a new home on the Gazette-Mail Homes website.
39	39. I'm working and paying my bills every day and I wish the government would stay out of my life.
40	3. Smith says global temperatures haven't risen in the last 15 years.
41	4:50 p.m., a burglar alarm sounded on Warren Road.
42	48-year-old Roy Jacobs Junior called to turn himself in on an arrest warrant Saturday.
43	$49.99, or get files pre-loaded on a flash drive, $64.
44	4. Bring business cards.
45	4. I think I’d by lying if I said I didn’t want the all-time record for rushing in a season.
46	4 Most birds will land and take off into the wind, so photograph a landing or a take-off with your back to the wind.
47	4 new species of legless lizards found in Calif.
48	4. Rich, whose distance double Saturday in the 800 meters (1:58.96) and 1,600 (4:19.84) - each a meet record - went along with his victory in the 3,200 on Friday.
49	4. Spray a 9-by-13-inch pan with vegetable cooking spray, or lightly oil.
50	4. The hijab (head scarf) represents modesty and is not a form of oppression against women.
51	4. Woman flees sex attack, survives 12 days in wilderness: A Canadian woman who fled into a forest to escape an attacker has been found alive after 12 days lost in the wilderness.
52	5:08 p.m., fire units were sent to a call at Friendly's Restaurant on Main Street.
53	5. END OF THE ROAD: Thirteen players have yet to win on the PGA Tour this season, and unlike the last six years, this is their last chance.
54	5. More than three-quarters (78 percent) of middle-income boomers either incorrectly think Medicare will pay for ongoing long-term care or simply do not know how they will fund their care.
55	"60 Minutes Sports" on SHOWTIME.
56	6. And last year, W&M had Maryland on the ropes.
57	6. B12 II: Lurking in the wings should the Cowboys come up short against the Sooners are the aforementioned Baylor and Texas.
58	6, One of Shoppach's teammates at Baylor was outfielder David Murphy, now a division rival with the Texas Rangers.
59	6 — Poles in the last seven years for Dale Earnhardt Jr., including the last four seasons.
60	7. David Cameron listens to Sam. Pity he won't give more women jobs.
61	7. How could Gordon Michael Strauss, a man just released from a hospital for sexual psychopaths and a history of snatching teenage girls off the street, be allowed to roam free on the streets of Portland?
62	7. The Bears will operate off a game-plan against the Raiders.
63	7) Wisdom is a physical as well as an emotional health issue.
64	7. WVU Board of Governors Chairman Drew Payne and board member David Alvarez should have recused themselves because of their ties to West Virginia Media Holdings, which may subcontract broadcasting rights under IMG.
65	8:01 p.m. ET: Cars are rolling off the grid now.
66	8:28 p.m., theft was reported on Elm Street.
67	8 a.m. pancake breakfast, parade, fireworks at dusk, downtown Carnation (carnation4th.
68	8. Apply to become Google's next 'Trekker'
69	8 p.m. - "The Carrie Diaries"
70	A 14-time All-Star and three-time MVP winner, Rodriguez had been fit for any conversation on baseball’s greatest players, but now his career is lumped in with others from the steroids era, including Bonds and Roger Clemens.
71	A 19-year-old Winnipeg man has been sentenced to life in prison for a double-shooting in Winnipeg's Elmwood area in 2009. more »
72	A $2,000 reward has been posted for information leading to the arrest of a suspect who assaulted two elderly citizens at the Comfort Inn in Redding on September 30.
73	A 24-year-old woman, the owners' granddaughter, was at the home earlier on Sunday and locked the homes doors and turned out all the lights before leaving.
74	A 30 year-old disabled veteran would get 1,400 dollars less in their benefit.
75	A 30-year-old man was arrested Saturday on suspicion of first-degree robbery in Chinatown.
76	A 42-year-old man convicted of sexually abusing four children will grow old behind bars.
77	A 90-year-old senior says staff at a Delta Hospital sent her home in a taxi in the middle of the night while she was bleeding from the arm, dressed in nothing but her pyjamas, and without shoes.
78	A balloon attached to a poster depicting …
79	A. Bank made an unsolicited $48 bid for Men’s Wearhouse, which was rejected.
80	ABC 4 Utah’s Noah Bond asked Johana if she forgives the suspect accused of killing her father.
81	ABC also announced that former "Bachelor" Sean Lowe has been added to the upcoming edition of "Dancing With the Stars," and that "Bach" fan favorite Desiree Hartsock will be this summer's "Bachelorette."
82	ABC News' Amy Robach gets a mammogram on Oct. 1, 2013 on 'Good Morning America.'
83	Abdul-Baki Todashev said he found out that his son was killed when a family member saw it on the Internet.
84	Abdullah urged Israel, the Palestinians and the U.S. to resume peacemaking efforts.
85	Abdurrahman said the Kurdish gunmen were fighting pockets of rebels in southern Yaaroubiyeh.
86	A belt driven contraption that powers a stroke sander (from about 1913), a planer (from 1880) and band saw (from 1905), was once driven by the energy provided by a Model T Ford.
87	A big driver of this progress has been the UN Millennium Development Goals.
88	A big question looming over the diplomatic talks is whether any U.N. resolution includes a potential for military action should al-Assad not cooperate.
89	A blood clot is a clump that occurs when blood hardens from a liquid to a solid.
90	Aboard Cunard's Queen Mary 2, the Royal Academy for Dramatic Arts supplies guests with a world-class theater experience.
91	About 15 percent of Ball State students and 24 percent of Ball State employees are smokers.
92	About 22% of the crowd for Suns games in March were out-of-towners, and 13% of spring training attendees also went to a Suns game.
93	About 250-300 activists from the pro-Israel lobbying group AIPAC descended on Washington on Tuesday, visiting 300 congressional offices, an AIPAC source told CNN.
94	About 3,000 people work at the headquarters, many of them civilians.
95	About 42 per cent of the city has been cleared, according to city spokesperson Michel Frenette.
96	About 500,000 angioplasties are performed in the U.S. every year.
97	About 5 percent of college graduates are unemployed because of an increase in the number of university graduates in recent years and increasing competition in the job market, Chiang said.
98	About 7 a.m., still half an hour until sunrise, we returned to the garage at the Winthrop skating rink.
99	About A.C. White Relocations: Atlanta moving company, A.C. White Relocations, has been family owned and operated since 1926.
100	About a dozen family members and friends watched with Tom and Rita Maines in the high school lobby as Redmond signed the form.
101	About All that.
102	About half of pharmacies that ran out of flu vaccine were able to get more, according to a survey done Jan. 14-16 by the National Influenza Vaccine Summit, a public health group that works on flu vaccine issues.
103	About half of them involved alcohol, and the other half involved drugs.
104	Abrams was found lying dead in the roadway by police on 11th Street between Woodrow and Booker.
105	A brown bear keeps an eye out for salmon along an Alaskan creek.
106	Absolutely, thank Congress for creating this monster.
107	A buddy cop comedy set in a world rampant with puppet criminals.
108	A building inspector was called to the area near Crown Terrace and Raccoon Drive, fire officials said.
109	A buyout for tobacco farmers enacted nine years ago is phasing out government payments to tobacco farmers, but many of them still receive crop insurance.
110	A C-17 military transport plane has finally lifted off en route to France as it makes its way to the troubled African country of Mali.
111	A call to the Seattle Archdiocese requesting comment was not immediately returned Friday.
112	A Cape Dorset, Nunavut, man has been sentenced to three years in a federal penitentiary after pleading guilty to four sex-related offences involving young girls in the community.
113	A car bomb targeted an overwhelmingly Shiite district south of Beirut controlled by the militant group Hezbollah on Aug. 15, killing 27 people.
114	Access was probably required for his job I'm guessing.
115	Access would be limited and only with an order from Foreign intelligence Surveillance Court.
116	Accompanied by the city's police chief, Applebaum said the squad will be independent and have carte blanche to investigate all city transactions, including real estate.
117	Accompanying him in his retirement are Sister Boom-Boom LaTouche, Sister Destiny Peaches and Sister Fantasia Avalon.
118	According the Sports Commission Act, the minister has to announce a board of at least five people.
119	According to a press release from Angola's Foreign Ministry (Mirex), delivered to Angop on Thursday, the visit of the Cuban's official to Angola aims at strengthening bilateral and cooperation relations between the two States.
120	According to a recent online study, 1 out of 4 millennials say they can only be their true self when alone.
121	According to a report by researchers at Auburn University, when perceived crowding is mediated through perceived shopping competition, it creates positive emotions and may even enhance the enjoyment of crowded shopping.
122	According to a statement from his office, Netanyahu "expressed his apologies to the Turkish people for any error that could have led to loss of life and agreed to complete an agreement to provide compensation to the families of the victims."
123	According to author Jake Breeden (and can you believe the man's last name, given the subject?
124	According to a website post, the boyfriend’s brother, Damon Myer, believes he’s innocent.
125	According to Cote, the group supports a free trade approach and argued that the question of whether or not to export America's natural gas didn't adequately capture the issue at hand.
126	According to EEPCo, extracting the energy requires drilling down as far as 3 km into the earth's crust, which is both expensive and technologically difficult.
127	According to Feeding America, hunger rates are the worst in Mississippi, Arkansas, Texas, Alabama, North Carolina and Georgia.
128	According to Fox 5, more details from the autopsy report will be released about Kingsbury's family receives it.
129	According to Freed, consumers are not expecting a better experience stores.
130	According to Gary's calculations, the comet might not get much brighter than fifth or sixth magnitude, which is near the threshold of naked-eye visibility.
131	According to him, it was the first time the government had failed to release the funds to them since the beginning of a year.
132	According to him, the jailing of inmates does not mean that they are bad people, but they are there to be corrected.
133	According to music executives then and now, Apple wants to preload an app on its mobile devices that can deliver a free stream of songs tailored to each user’s taste and supported through its iAds advertising platform.
134	According to NSA chief statistician Aloysius Tsheehama, the high rate was the result of food inflation trickling through to the hospitality sector.
135	According to official figures, Mr Keita secured 39.2% of the vote cast in last month's first round ahead of Mr Cisse who took 19.4%.
136	According to police, Arevalo slashed the tires on his step-grandpa's truck Thursday night, broke into his apartment and stabbed him in the chest while he was still in bed.
137	According to police reports the men were standing outside a business establishment on Cordeaux Avenue when they were approached and subsequently shot by a male armed with a shotgun.
138	According to RBC Economics Research, retail sales (including new motor vehicle sales) in Saskatchewan are expected to grow 2.2% in 2013.
139	According to reports, Jim Muri died over the weekend.
140	According to reports, the shooting in Newtown lasted less than 10 minutes.
141	According to section 83 of the MDI act, 2003, if an account remains dormant for two years, it is flagged as a dormant account and then published in the papers in the third year before the money is transferred to the Central bank after five years.
142	According to Senator Chuck Schumer’s office, the American Education Services and Education Investment Finance Corporation hounded the young man’s parents – David and Rose Prior – regarding a student loan.
143	According to several reports, Browns CEO Joe Banner is in Arizona and intends to interview Kelly, who is preparing the fifth-ranked Ducks in Thursday night's Fiesta Bowl against Kansas State.
144	According to Ted Walsh, Mariners equipment manager, about 12,000 balls are ordered each year for spring training.
145	According to that report, Apple has designs on including the sensor technology in some of its products and would rather acquire the company than license its services.
146	According to the al-Sumaria news website, the head of the local Bomb Disposal Unit was among those killed in the Shiite-dominated city, located some 550 kilometers (340 miles) south of Baghdad.
147	According to the Broward County Sheriff's Office, 23-year-old Keturah Kelly of Boca Raton died Friday afternoon in Pompano Beach.
148	According to the newspaper, during the Beijing Olympics the then-22 year old didn’t want to eat Chinese food, so instead subsisted on McNuggets.
149	According to the police report, Daniel originally ran away from detectives, feigned surrender, and then lunged at one, trying to take away his gun.
150	According to the release, the man had invited two prostitutes into his home.
151	According to the report, some applications sat open through the last two election cycles due to "ineffective management oversight" that left unclear how specialists should process applications.
152	According to the theaters website; "This year the popular "Radio Show" will feature a re-creation of a broadcast of Our Town as well as shows that include such personalities as Jack Benny, Edgar Bergen & Charlie McCarthy.
153	According to the UA Facilities website, there is no way for individual students to organize an assembly without being sponsored by a University department or registered student organization.
154	According to Vasquez, the nurse called several other phone numbers before the grandmother finally answered.
155	According to World Bank estimates, TANESCO's arrears have jumped from 270 million US dollars as at the end of last year to about 500 million dollars, with the figure said to be growing at 30 million dollars monthly.
156	A ceasefire has been in place along the LOC that divides the countries since 2003, but has been violated by both sides.
157	A ceasefire this week to end days of clashes that killed at least 100 combatants and civilians appeared to be crumbling after Sunnis reported a resumption of fighting.
158	A change might happen at the U., but I doubt it will because it would mean Utah would have its fifth offensive coordinator in five years.
159	A cheeseburger with a fried egg and hashed-browns patty on top.
160	A chunk of downtown Lac-Mégantic was wiped out in July when a runaway train derailed, exploded and killed 47 people.
161	A citation found in the Lanza home thanks Nancy Lanza for her volunteer service at the school, which Adam attended, in 1999.
162	A cold front will pass over the Finger Lakes and Twin Tiers Region Friday afternoon.
163	A Collective Investment Scheme is a way of investing money together with other investors in order to reduce one's risk and benefit from working as part of a group.
164	A comprehensive outbreak response continues to be implemented across the region.
165	A congregation of more than 300 crowded into the shell of a deconsecrated church to join the celebration on Sunday morning.
166	A Connecticut judge's ruling during a hearing for Michael Skakel clears a path for the 53-year-old Kennedy cousin to receive a bail hearing, although he cannot be released immediately.
167	A couple of weeks later I tried again and guess what?
168	A court in Cairo this weekend ordered a 30-day block on the video-sharing website in the wake of the controversial 'Innocence of Muslims' video, which sparked protests across Muslim countries in September.
169	"Across the whole (northern) area from the coast to the Syrian border..
170	A crowd of 7,856 (9,144 tickets) watched Hawaii win its sixth straight and run its record to 12-0 against the Wildcats (7-2).
171	ACS, the umbrella term for conditions whereby the heart’s blood supply is suddenly blocked, includes the more commonly known conditions of heart attacks and angina.
172	Activists have uploaded photographs onto various websites of flooded oil and gas wells, chemical storage facilities and waste water and chemical holding tanks, the newspaper said.
173	Actor Bradley Cooper poses for selfies with eager fans at the Los Angeles premiere of "The Hangover Part III."
174	Actually he is going to prison for being STUPID!
175	Actually, the Lakers minus Howard would be far from done, and depending on whom you ask, perhaps better off.
176	Actually, the real shortsightedness was assuming that a middle eastern Islamic culture would see their new found freedom to implement modern concepts of democracy and the attendant tolerance and liberalism.
177	‘‘Actually, the tackle came down, so my initial reaction was to close.
178	A customer reviews the sandwich board at the Panera store in Brookline, Mass. in this 2010 photo.
179	A damaged Capitol Hill police car is surrounded by crime scene tape after a car chase and shooting i …
180	Adams said it was difficult to help amphibians cope with something as big as climate change, but steps were being taking to remove more localized threats, such as non-native species of fish that eat amphibians.
181	Adams said that when skiers get lost, the staff normally searches without alerting the warden search team and soon finds the missing people.
182	Adams, who lives in a nine-room penthouse near Central Park, was horrified by the urban wasteland that surrounds the city's federal core, which she calls "glorious."
183	Add a sound ISO rating, we have police protection, the stability of the local community and together it’s very attractive,” he said.
184	Added Young: "Just believe and bet on yourself at all times.
185	"Adding a simple thought recognition control system is pretty trivial," Dr Pearson says.
186	Additionally, some monies are restricted in that they can only be spent for a designated project or service and cannot be spent to relieve general budget stress.
187	Additional training for school personnel may be one option.
188	Add it to mixed greens, combine it with avocado and shrimp, or enjoy a fresh glass of its antioxidant-rich juice.
189	Add the breadcrumbs and stir until golden.
190	Add to that number another 37 percent from electricity losses (17 percent results from outdated grids and technical deficiencies, the rest from commercial losses).
191	Aden said Faust had about 100 shotgun shells.
192	A Deputy Minister for Education, Mr Samuel Ablakwa yesterday toured some Basic schools in the Ashaiman Municipality of the Greater Accra Region to welcome pupils entering school the first time.
193	A divestment of MaterialScience "is inevitable given the significant conglomerate discount it generates," analysts at Jefferies wrote in May.
194	Adkins scored a season-high 27 points to lead all scorers.
195	Admission is free, but attendees are encouraged to leave a cash donation.
196	Admission to the concert is $5.
197	ADPC chose Sahana to set up a regional portal in 2010 cataloguing disaster risk reduction (DRR) initiatives in the Asia-Pacific region and wanted an affordable software that could pull information from multiple data sources.
198	A driver is considered legally impaired at a blood alcohol level of 0.08 per cent.
199	Aesthetic VideoSource produces and distributes detailed, comprehensive health and spa instructional online training videos and DVDs, so professionals can properly perform the procedures shown.
200	A failure to provide a security deal could have an impact on the future of flows of non-military aid.
201	A Falmouth Police Department dispatcher said authorities started receiving reports of a helicopter in trouble around 5:30 p.m.
202	A federal indictment of Mr. Keys, formerly a Web producer at KTXL Fox 40, which, like The Los Angeles Times, is owned by the Tribune Company, said that he went by a user name of “AESCracked” and assisted in a cyberattack on the newspaper’s Web site.
203	A federal judge has ruled that New England electric transmission companies should make less money on power line projects, a decision Massachusetts' attorney general said could lower electric bills.
204	A federal jury in August found Fries guilty on two counts of possession of unregistered explosive devices.
205	A few in both categories are not good at teaching.
206	A few of the biggest revelations were quite disappointing -- that is, if you believe or want to believe in the honesty, character or ethics of any major corporation.
207	Afeworki — who represented himself after four defense attorneys were allowed to withdraw from the case — showed no reaction when the verdict was read.
208	A few years ago, a college student from Texas who decided to relieve himself in the lagoon was bitten by a crocodile.
209	Afghanistan's system of government, under the leadership of President Hamid Karzai, is said to run similarly to how organized crime families operate.
210	Afghan officials earlier said several civilian bystanders had died in the blast.
211	A fire broke out at an illegal six-storey plastics market in the Indian city of Calcutta early this morning, killing at least 19 people, police said. more »
212	A Florida mom is furious after her 11-yr-old daughter was sent home with a letter calling her fat.
213	A Florida statute allows defendants who win their cases to file such motions, Vincent said.
214	A forecast issued Wednesday by the National Weather Service shows a 40 percent chance that the river will top the 2009 record of just under 41 feet.
215	A former worker at the Alberta Children's Hospital in Calgary has been sentenced to four years behind bars for the inappropriate touching of two girls under the age of 14.
216	A fourth Fantasia class ship, the MSC Preziosa, was completed in 2013.
217	A fourth member, Thomas Plyler of Lancaster, was found not guilty of the three charges against him.
218	A friend brought me back a pope keychain from Rome, so when the War on Christmas gets me down I can take it out and be comforted by the Holy Father's gentle face reassuring me, "Who am I to judge a cocksucking fag?"
219	After 90 scoreless minutes, Mexico converted its first three penalty shots to seal its first CONCACAF title at the U-17 level.
220	After a five-hour trial on the post, U.S. magistrate Lanny King also found Britt was not guilty of violating the implied-consent law for refusing to take a Breathalyzer test.
221	After a four-day trial in May 2012, Chambers found citizen groups presented "un-refuted evidence" about mining's damage to water quality and raises serious questions about whether such damage can be mitigated.
222	After a hard day's work, you turn on "Special Victims Unit," you're in the darkest place possible with people trying to solve this crime.
223	After all, flat champagne is worse than flat soda.
224	After all, Istanbul and Ankara look quite secular and less Islamized rather than the capitals of many EU states.
225	After allowing the most yards of any team in NFL history last season, almost every Saints defender has a new role in Ryan's scheme.
226	After all, the day is young.
227	After all the years, all the efforts, and now all the mandates to increase gas mileage, now the state of WA wants to penalize those of us who either work from home, drive less, or who have invested in fuel efficient cars.
228	After all, valuations for stocks are now far from the depressed levels they were at in the aftermath of the financial crisis.
229	After an initial refusal by the automaker to recall Jeeps that regulators say could burst into flames in a rear-end collision, Chrysler has now agreed to recall Jeeps and fix the recalled vehicles.
230	After announcing the news, Updyke reminded the body he was not obligated to do so, but did because he thought it was the moral thing to do.
231	After Aybar tripled leading off the second, Kendrick hit into a fielder's choice to make it 5-0.
232	After being charged and jailed in the killing, Spitalli allegedly tried to recruit a hit man to murder Baltrimaviciene and his former roommate to keep them from testifying against him, prosecutors alleged in a court filing.
233	After both teams went 1-of-2 from the line, Durant had a chance to tie the game, but his 3-point try was off the mark and Parsons corralled the rebound.
234	After Catala refused to repay the loan, Vogel sued.
235	After completing his O-Level, Nzayituriki directly enrolled at Muhanga Private Vocational Training Centre (MPVTC), located a few kilometres outside Muhanga town.
236	After decades of tensions between Buddhists and Muslims in Myanmar, fighting broke out last June and again in October.
237	After facing Orlando, they'll visit Chicago and New Orleans before ending the swing Sunday at Western Conference-leading San Antonio.
238	After finishing his round, he walked into an interview room when someone mentioned that McIlroy walked off the course after being 7-over through eight holes.
239	After five weeks, the $135 million animation has grossed $154.9 million, a great start in the five-year distribution deal between DreamWorks Animation and Fox.
240	After forensic investigators, using ground-piercing radar and old public records, detected 31 spots showing possible human remains, researchers planted crude white crosses on a nearby hillside to commemorate the unaccounted-for boys.
241	"After getting two children, I will go for a tubal ligation (female sterilization)."
242	After graduating from McGill University in 1939, Kierans lived in Ontario where he worked at Inco's mines, smelters and refineries.
243	After graduating from the Finance Academy of Moscow, he started his work activity at the Armenian Finance Ministry in 1992.
244	After his second failed prediction in May 2011, the preacher again revised his prophecy, saying he had been off by five months.
245	After impact, the van continued southeast into the lot of a gas station and came to rest after hitting the protective barrier next to a row of gas pumps.
246	After Ma and Wang shook hands with each other at the Double Ten National Day celebrations on Thursday, this dumb party’s proposal for a no-confidence vote on the Cabinet will likely become a judgement on themselves.
247	After Mark O’Meara’s scorching first nine holes, things haven’t gone so well.
248	After missing the first two weekends of the NCAA tournament, Bill made it to the Georgia Dome.
249	After more than 50 years in the business, the actress earned her first Academy Award nomination for her role in "Amour" (2012).
250	After most shorebirds have migrated south in the late summer, biologists will often raise water levels on impoundments, depending on management goals of the site.
251	After news that he was slapping together a staff for an actual mayoral run with staffers, Anthony Weiner's latest campaign move has been semi-exposed.
252	After officials stopped the clock to restore order following the third-down snap, the final 18 seconds were allowed to run out.
253	“After one year, people were saying that he wasn’t losing much weight, that it wasn’t working.
254	After receiving a pass from Thomas Carroll, he worked his way forward a few strides and unleashed a wicked left-footed rocket into the top corner, leaving Jaaskelainen with no chance for a save.
255	After receiving his DDS, Dr. Hack served three years as a Captain in the United States Air Force, which included a one year General Practice Residency.
256	After reporting the incident, the suit states, the relationship between Barberio, who had served as the borough’s tower for three years, and Bell deteriorated.
257	After reviewing 16 applications, Clay County commissioners on Sept. 25 appointed Home-Confinement Officer Garrett Samples to replace Slack.
258	After sandy stranded was an understatement.
259	“After searching all over the country for a strong instructional leader who is the best fit for Berkeley, the Board believes we have found our next Superintendent right next door in Hayward,” said Board President Karen Hemphill.
260	After seeing Simpson chalk up three runs in the first inning of game one, BVU chipped away at that lead by getting a run in the third when Nick Schlecht scored from third on a wild pitch.
261	After seventeen seasons, itâ€™s really unclear how DTWS will top this.
262	After several years of building sets and working behind the stage at various community theaters, Robinson decided he wanted to try his hand at acting.
263	After that hot start, Detroit shot 22 for 65 (34 percent) the rest of the way.
264	After that I felt we had the opportunities to make a difference and Aaron Ramsey scored a stunning goal.
265	After that, the teams traded chances and close calls until Ribeiro ended it.
266	After the accident, the court heard, Mhangwa was taken for a breath test and it was discovered he was driving under the influence of alcohol.
267	After the attack occurred, lifeguards spotted a six-foot long shark in the area.
268	After the housing bubble popped, Virginia's government didn't try to stop many of the defaulting loans from working their way through foreclosure process.
269	After the original formula was discovered to be one that created matchups that flew in the face of popular opinion (the polls), the BCS tweaked it and tweaked it again and then tweaked it some more.
270	After the three-month beta period, musicians pay only $5.00 per month.
271	After the unranked Owls took a shocking 36-29 lead over the Knights with just 2:04 remaining in the fourth quarter, the UFC offense began driving for a game-tying score at their own 30-yard line.
272	After the war, Wojtek lived out his days at the Edinburgh Zoo where he died in 1963.
273	"After the Washington Post article, they felt pretty betrayed.
274	After Trey Burke, who led the Wolverines (16-1, 3-1 Big Ten) with 15 points, hit a 3-pointer to open the game, the Buckeyes took the lead for good although there were many nervous moments by the finish.
275	After two events went final, the Sikeston boys team are seventh overall in points following the first day at Dwight T. Reed Stadium on the campus of Lincoln University.
276	After two months in limbo, they got all their stuff back, from the furniture down to the dishes.
277	After two years of study, scientists now believe a large number of host plants – called ribes – previously thought to be immune to the fungus are susceptible.
278	Afterward, an administrator called him into a private room to review his answers.
279	After weeks of White House warnings about the cuts causing air traffic chaos, threatening cancer research and keeping law enforcement officers off the streets, Obama acknowledged that it might be a while before effects fully kick in.
280	After what he pulled Rove's funding might not be so hefty.
281	After Woods, wearing a dark puffa jacket buttoned to his chin and hood up, hands dug deep into the pockets, realised he had been spotted by photographers, he quickly sought sanctuary in the hotel used for the World Cup event.
282	Again he asked if the Constitution would allow certain books to be banned.
283	Again wearing simple clothes and using a normal car rather than the papal Mercedes, he visited Rome's Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore today.
284	Age isn’t always a determining factor, but older tanks tend to leak at some point, chiefly from internal corrosion.
285	A German man has been charged with trying to smuggle hundreds of pounds of silver out of Greece, part of a crackdown on the pawnbroker trade flourishing since Athens nearly went broke three years ago.
286	Aggressive deaths were often a result of men fighting over women or other personal disputes.
287	A gifted and charismatic teacher, actually, but ordinary nonetheless, he’ll be doing his job whether we’re watching or not.
288	Ag Intallah would not give a figure for his supporters, as he said a list was still being drawn up, but he said most Malians in the ranks of Ansar Dine had joined his faction.
289	A good secondhand van will cost £15,000, which we don’t have.”
290	A Google employee has lunch at the 'No Name Cafe', an organic eatery at the Googleplex May 11, 2006 in Mountain View, California.
291	A government spokesman told AFP the three-day-long siege, in which the attackers massacred at least 62 shoppers and staff, was close to being declared over.
292	A government spokeswoman told the paper that, while ministers did not "condone violence towards children", they did not "wish to criminalise parents for issuing a mild smack".
293	A group of leading academics in January submitted a petition calling for multiparty democracy, respect for human rights, private land ownership and an apolitical army that serves the people, not the party.
294	A group of women gather at Nebo village hall each Wednesday morning to discuss projects around the village or perform jobs the village needs completed.
295	A growing acceptance and contentment with our looks may be more about our head than our hips.
296	A handful of students from Ann Arbor's Slauson Middle School and Saline Middle School have come together as a team to compete in an international creative problem-solving and leadership skills training program called Destination Imagination.
297	A high-saltenvironment can be tough on living things because the salinity makes water leave cells.
298	Ahmad Shihadeh, 32, worked for the EU for five years, a spokesman for Ashton said Wednesday.
299	Aieagrl - If you do not like it just change the channel!
300	A: I mean, it's a choice.
301	A: In any shutdown, the government does not stop functioning completely.
302	A journalist speaks on a cell phone next to a sign for the G20 summit in St. Petersburg, Russia on W …
303	A judge has certified Detroit's bankruptcy, which puts pension cuts on the table.
304	A judge in Cleveland sentenced Robert Wolford on his guilty plea to obstruction of justice, making a false report and making a false alarm.
305	Akacia's mother, after a stint in jail, has moved back into the neighborhood.
306	Akanyaru River serves as the natural border between Rwanda and Burundi.
307	A Kentucky Wildcats cheerleader performs during the Wildcats' game against the Robert Morris Colonials.
308	A key factor in choosing the location was ease of walking distance from King's Pointe, Sunrise Pointe campground and cottages, City Development Director Mike Wilson said.
309	A key signal of the economy's health in the second half of 2013 will come from Friday's report on consumer spending in July.
310	AKRON, Ohio — There wasn't much fire in the South Course at Firestone Country Club in Thursday's first round of the World Golf Championships-Bridgestone Invitational.
311	Alabama is a deserving No. 1, but the unbeaten Seminoles have been nothing short of spectacular in winning their last three games, outscoring Maryland, Clemson and NC State by a combined 163-31.
312	Alabama is on top of the college football world.
313	Alabama Libraries Gear Up for 'Banned Book Week'
314	Alan Watson, Cliveden Cross Country race director said: "It was wonderful to see so many people taking on this great race, and some excellent running performances.
315	A large banner by the shopping centre proclaims that the Meadows, against all odds, is a finalist in this year's Britain in Bloom competition.
316	"A large part of how many of us communicate is through the Internet.
317	A large sign hung in the main courtyard reading, "Austin, we'll miss you."
318	A lawyer advising National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden says his asylum status has not been resolved and that he is going to stay at the Moscow airport for now.
319	ALBANY, N.Y. — Somewhere on the bottom of Italy's largest lake lie the remains of two dozen American soldiers who died when their amphibious vehicle sank in 1945 in the waning days of the fighting in Europe during World War II.
320	''Albert was dominating today, obviously.
321	Aldermen Johnson, Jeff Scott and Jim Morse all approved the motion.
322	Alec Whitt scored 11 points for the Hornets.
323	A lemur looks up in an enclosure at the 'ZOOM' Zoo in Gelsenkirchen, western Germany on March 12, 2012.
324	A letter or phone call to the landowners should be applied respecting the laws.
325	Alexander Fiorille is a senior at Bates College in Lewiston.
326	Alexis adds: "These events are open for anyone to attend and we encourage anyone who can help - whether in time or by donating items - to get in touch.
327	Alex Rodriguez hits his 648th career home run, his first of the season.
328	Alfredsson insists he wasn't surrendering, just acknowledging his team's increasingly slender odds heading into Game 5 on Friday in Pittsburgh.
329	Algae cannot grow in these nitrogen-deprived waters, which keeps it crystal clear, and a popular place for hikers, swimmers and water recreation.
330	A lifeguard was able to get to the shore and she is expected to be OK.
331	"Ali Larayedh did not provide solutions," said Mahmoud Baroudi of the Democratic Alliance party.
332	A LinkedIn spokesman said Dublin was the hub of its European operation, employing around half of its European staff.
333	A-list songstress Cheer Chen (陳綺貞) appears on Wednesday.
334	A litre of kerosene has been cut by $2.34 and will sell for $110.
335	A little kid has been waiting forever for his order so he yells at the lady at the counter: "Y'all got terrible customer service".
336	All 32 seeded players in both the men's and women's fields have opening round byes.
337	All Adams has done on every level is mash the ball.
338	Allan Arbus, who played the wise — and wisecracking — psychiatrist Dr. Sidney Freedman on TV's MASH, has died at age 95.
339	Allegations of corruption are not new to the defense and aerospace industry, in which companies commonly use individuals or companies as intermediaries in countries where they do not have a large presence.
340	Allentown PA and the part of MD you listed are in both this zone, and the hurricane-risk region of the Atlantic & Gulf coasts.
341	All four runs came during the second.
342	All junior and senior high students who can benefit from a free prom dress are welcome to attend.
343	All members of this organization are volunteers assisted by players and coaching staff of incumbent Namibian champions Suburbs.
344	"All of the guys were giving it to me and telling me that the hockey gods would give it back to me," Barber said.
345	"All of these issues are solvable, all these issues can be sorted out.
346	All of these with regular maintenance and oil changed every 2500 miles.
347	All of which underscores the really surprising part: even the Tea Party faithful didn't seem to buy the AFP line this time around.
348	All of you unemployed now - thank the amnesty bill.
349	All other companies that participated in either Pilot's rebate program or its discount program will be sent a notice informing them of the class-action settlement.
350	Allowing exemptions in Section 1504 would effectively create a "dictators' charter", as it would encourage corrupt regimes to introduce local laws that ban the disclosure of revenue payments and defeat the purpose and intent of the U.S. legislation.
351	Allowing naturalization for the 8-11 million or so immigrants to become citizens will not lower the defecit, but to make the United States become weaker financially and in the eyes of others.
352	Allowing personal challenges to get in the way of day-to-day operations can be deadly for an early stage start-up like Fashioning Change.
353	All proceeds raised will go towards a new Camino garden in the Cathedral grounds, which is the burial site of the Mullingar Augustinian Monks.
354	Allred said she and her client would not be returning Tuesday.
355	All that he may be in the process of proving is that celebrity, not virtue, is its own reward.
356	All that’s needed is a willingness to work with your hands and a desire to learn.
357	All the geek boys and girls (including this one) gathered there at midnight Central Time to refresh their pages and delight in the new deal of the day.
358	"All the marinas are ready to go.
359	All the time off?
360	"All they do is show you've been to college."
361	“All this is the state’s fault, but who is the state?
362	All this stuff got canceled that the coaches had set up, and I loved it.
363	All those who are printing papers, printing forms, calling rallies in the state in the name of APC, they are not yet authorised.
364	All three cities are repeat bidders: Istanbul is back for a fifth overall time, Madrid is bidding for a third straight time and Tokyo for a second consecutive attempt.
365	All three of those players, besides Cabrera, have held the Masters lead on Sunday in recent years only to come up just short, or in Snedeker's case, implode in crushing fashion in 2008.
366	All throughout New England, residents began the grueling task of digging out from as much as 3 feet of snow Saturday.
367	All workshops are from 6-8 p.m. in the school cafeterias.
368	Ally said the results include a $46 million loss from ResCap, a $94 million pension expense and a $148 million charge related to an early repayment of debt.
369	Almost 60 percent of the funds received, $538 million, went to Darfur, he said.
370	Almost a full one-third of the nearly 1,500 soldiers, who have thus far been declared permanently disabled, could also be a risk, depending upon their circumstances.
371	Almost half of the UK population has been stripped of its right to family life.
372	Almost quadruple the legal limit all right?
373	Almost three years ago, a presidential commission on bioethics raised concerns about the risk of "low-probability, high-impact events" such as the creation of a doomsday virus.
374	Along the way, Williams and White picked up many high-profile fans, including Adele, who invited the group to open for her on a European tour, and Taylor Swift, who collaborated with them on Safe & Sound for The Hunger Games soundtrack.
375	Along with six portable hard drives and two desktop computers, the pornographic material may have taken up half of the almost 6 terabytes of data seized from Moe's home, Homeland Security agents testified.
376	Along with those killed on the scene — al-Alwani's brother, five guards and a soldier — 12 guards and five soldiers were also wounded in the shooting.
377	A lot of large companies that used to purchase from us in the '90s came back because their customers are demanding American-made products."
378	"A lot of NBA guys don't want to be coached," coach Monty Williams said.
379	A lot of people fill the “about me” section on their dating profile with complete nonsense.
380	"A lot of people like to go and hike there because it's absolutely stunning," says Sunit Sanghrajka, president of U.S.-based travel group Alluring Africa.
381	"A lot of people who die by suicide don't tell people they're thinking of it, so the difficulty is trying to figure out if there are other indicators that go around this problem of self report."
382	A lot of repaving was done on I-405 this summer.
383	"A lot of these guys have the aura of invincibility until they have 'Zero Dark Thirty' happen," he said, referring to the Hollywood depiction of the SEAL raid that killed bin Laden.
384	“A lot of things have changed since the first day I stepped on campus and the first day I stepped into this gym until now,” Hart said.
385	A lot of Western religious groups are now in Africa promoting their homophobic propaganda because it is not working as well for them in their home countries.
386	A low, near-post finish past goalkeeper Mickael Roche came courtesy of a Mata assist.
387	Alphonse said the case will answer fundamental questions about how to define and award aboriginal title — itself a complicated term that grants natives exclusive control over their traditional lands, with certain limitations.
388	ALPINE — The rain kept coming and coming.
389	Al Qaeda-linked insurgents killed 38 mostly foreign hostages last month when they seized an Algerian gas plant as a riposte to France's intervention.
390	Al Qaeda-linked Sunni Muslim militants have intensified attacks on the security forces, civilians and anyone seen as supporting the Shi'ite-led government in Baghdad, tipping Iraq back into its deadliest levels of violence in five years.
391	Already, many political analysts believe that he is the favorite in a crowded Republican primary, though he would most likely face an uphill battle in a general election because Democrats far outnumber Republicans in the city.
392	Also attending are diplomats from the countries represented at the task force meeting, including Ernesto Soberón Guzmán, Ambassador for the Republic of Cuba.
393	Also bringing in trophies was Tyler Manns who had two second place overalls in both the 50 Jr class and 50 pw class.
394	Also, Christopher Lloyd and John Larroquette as the Klingon antagonists are a lot of fun.
395	Also Friday, Imperial reported a seven per cent increase in net income in the fourth quarter as lower expenses more than offset a decrease in revenue.
396	Also, in response to Felicia, Williams College, like many top-tier colleges, offers excellent need-based financial aid…even “no-loan” packages to students whose families don’t have the financial resources to cover the “sticker price” tuition.
397	Also on six-under with holes remaining were Dane Thomas Bjorn, South African Justin Walters, Spain's Rafael Cabrera-Bello, Portuguese Ricardo Santos and American Peter Uihlein.
398	Also on the board are three or four linebackers.
399	Also representing Nashua Pal in the 13-14 year old Division Evan Tanguay continued his successful season placing 13th in 14:06 for the 4000 meter course.
400	Also sounds like Obama's way or the highway.
401	Also speaking the Executive Director Marine and Operation, Mr. David Omonibeke, said the system will provide the authority and stakeholders first hand information to enable them act proactively and at the same time save cost.
402	Also, the NBA as well as the Legal Practitioners Disciplinary Committee must be on high alert to sanction disgruntled members of the bar who use themselves as conduits totransmit different forms of inducements or themselves induce Judicial Officers.
403	Also, the price of flat screen televisions is falling, as fewer people are buying television sets and competition increases among manufacturers.
404	Also, there is no integrated and holistic approach to ocean concerns.
405	Also, the Somali Diaspora can help minimize anti-Americanism (anti-Western sentiment) in Somalia by being cultural ambassadors for American values.
406	Also Wednesday, a parked car bomb went off next to a passing army patrol outside the northern city of Kirkuk, wounding an officer and three soldiers, police Lt. Col. Abbas Qadir said.
407	Also, we think the camera spec will be upgraded from HD to full HD.
408	Also, you can get an "Online Payment Agreement" application at www.IRS.gov. If you owe $50,000 or less, the IRS will allow up to 72 months to repay your tax, penalty and interest.
409	Also, you're a great actor Mr.Renner and a good singer.
410	Although Bulger, 83, is charged with 19 slayings – and has pleaded not guilty to all charges – it’s thought that he is particularly anxious to distance himself from the deaths of Hussey and Davis because the killing of women went against his code.
411	Although down 4 points from September, 33 straight months where more believed the economy was getting worse than getting better ended in June and the Conservatives may well be reaping the rewards.
412	Although he had promised to help the family, Bernhard Tilg had never contacted them.
413	Although he likes the results, don't expect Earnhardt to show up on a late-night infomercial for juicers any time soon.
414	Although hit in the side by shrapnel from a rocket propelled grenade, Romesha was determined to do more than just survive.
415	Although league members have worked on Epic, Despicable Me 2, and We’re the Millers, they show no favoritism to their own projects or ones their friends work on.
416	Although many worried the lightning would not return, the phenomenon reappeared after several months.
417	Although Qadri has been praised in the West for his stand against terrorism, the Times said he has won little support from voters in past elections.
418	Although Silva sometimes appears gangly and awkward in the cage, his physical curiosities mask a solid range of mixed martial arts skills.
419	Although the government approved a national action plan to combat the worst forms of child labor in 2011, it had yet to be implemented by the end of the year.
420	Although the group travels every summer, this will be the first official reference to the tour as "Isle of Smiles" since the event began.
421	Although Ukraine has its own drug manufacturers, they mostly concentrate on production of lower-priced generics and vitamins.
422	"Although we are moving as expeditiously as possible, we want to ensure it is done safely while minimizing damage to the reef and surrounding environment."
423	Altidore, who came on as a substitute, was booked for a petulant push in injury time.
424	Alvaro Negredo came off the bench and scored for the second Premier League match running as Manchester City edged promoted Hull City 2-0 on Saturday.
425	A Magazine feature published earlier this month raised this question, and there was a huge response from readers.
426	A mail delivery snag left as many as 200 members without access to the system.
427	A major upgrade from waterproof paper maps, Garmin's Oregon 650 handheld navigation system looks and feels like a smartphone — short of making calls, that is.
428	A male mentor is never expected to waste valuable time and gray matter to even hear, let alone tolerate, tales of personal woe.
429	A man acquitted of murder more than a decade ago is facing charges in connection with a weekend sexual assault.
430	A man and two children who were in the house at the time escaped unhurt.
431	A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after the car he was driving was involved in a crash with a Royal Mail lorry.
432	A man on a donkey cart passes burned buses Sept. 27 after rioting and unrest in Khartoum.
433	A man operating a mobile dialysis unit had raped someone in the dialysis unit.
434	A man was seen trying to put out the blaze, but ran away as soon as he saw emergency crews arrive.
435	A masked man exited the Impala with a gun and struck the victim multiple times.
436	Amazon, for instance, works well when it allows people to order, quickly and conveniently, an item that they already want.
437	Amazon included items from third-party merchants on its deal pages for the first time this holiday season, which likely boosted sales.
438	Amazon stock was down slightly in after-market trading, to less than $300.
439	Amazon today revealed its all-time best-selling albums and songs.
440	Ambassador Dina added that "Eritrea continues to violate UN Security Council resolutions and the country absolutely remains to be a regional security threat."
441	A medical marijuana patient protests against alleged state government security breaches in Denver.
442	A member since June of 2012, Rodrigues joined the corps to help in the community.
443	A memorial sits outside The Retreat at Twin Lakes community.
444	A memorial to Lynn Arsenault, 55, of 162 Waldo Avenue in Belfast is laid at her doorstep by friends and family.
445	America is like the Saudi Arabia of Shale Plays and I can't imagine a better time to be in the oil business than now!
446	American boys get circumcised - so when's this Prince Georgie going to be done?
447	"American Hustle" is earning critical raves like crazy, and with a cast that includes Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Jennifer Lawrence and Bradley Cooper, you'll be in the know at Oscar time if you see it now.
448	America still has a long way to go.
449	Amid a throbbing dirge of church bells, frontman Wayne Coyne reminds us that "we are all standing alone" and intones in falsetto, "We don't control the controls."
450	A Mission District church was hit with a $17,540 fine by the Department of Public Works this week after removing nearly all the foliage from trees adjacent to its property.
451	A moderate earthquake struck offshore from California about 33 miles northwest of Eureka.
452	Among food groups, meats and protein showed the highest price difference and cost about 29 cents more per serving.
453	Among foreign airlines looking to boost their business with China, Delta Airlines of the U.S. plans to launch a Shanghai-Seattle route in June.
454	Among other things, this could give a hostile foreign power control of American missiles in flight – with highly alarming implications for where those missiles might land.
455	Among the bonus features is a documentary with the director talking about how making the film inspired him to establish the USC Shoah Foundation — The Institute for Visual History and Education.
456	Among the factors needed to make those laws work, she said, are more education for the domestic workers and stronger enforcement of the laws.
457	Among the many furloughed are those that put their lives on the line for our freedom.
458	Among the parties competing in the elections is the Union of Forces for Change (UFC).
459	Among those wins was a 53-43 decision over CSUF in the regular-season finale last Saturday.
460	A monster first serve wide to Djokovic’s backhand came back floating like a butterfly just inside the baseline.
461	A month ago, the Browns were on the edge of the playoff picture.
462	Amos has a few suggestions to maintain moisture, keep your color-treated hair bright and your weave tight.
463	A motion passed by council Monday calls for a review of the policy, with a close look at different levels of funding and greater public involvement in art projects.
464	A Motorola spokesman said the company has no comment about the patent filing at this time.
465	AMR's bankruptcy lawyer, Stephen Karotkin, said earlier this week that stakeholders are on track to realize more than $13 billion in value.
466	A much lower standard of living is coming to America, along with despair and regret.
467	A myth that has broken the channel of ordinary sympathy generated for any human being who is a victim.
468	An 18-foot steel-clad door slides shut to divide one large work space into two smaller offices.
469	An 18 yr old can vote for the president, can go to war to defend his country but cant buy a pack of cigarettes if he wants.
470	An act of alleged police brutality in Quebec is attracting international attention after it was caught in part on surveillance video.
471	An adult version is expected to be out next year.
472	An agreement on cessation of hostilities followed in Switzerland in 2002, under the aegis of the Swiss and US governments, which set the stage for the subsequent conclusion of Comprehensive Peace Agreement.
473	"Anaheim is a hell of a team," Murray said.
474	Analyst Robert Wood at Berenberg Bank in London wrote in a research note that "today's ECB message will be of limited help for the big monetary problem in the eurozone right now; a small business credit crunch in the eurozone periphery."
475	Analysts blamed cold weather, tax hikes and government spending cuts.
476	Analysts say the biggest question mark is likely to hang over the Central Electoral Commission.
477	An ambulance took him to the NTU Hospital for emergency treatment, and although Chang’s life was saved he was left brain-damaged and in a vegetative state.
478	An animal health products distribution company in Syria purchased the inactivated Newcastle Disease vaccine from us to control the disease in Syria's poultry flocks.
479	An Army sergeant pleaded guilty Monday to killing four other soldiers and a Navy officer in 2009 at mental health clinic in Baghdad during the Iraq War, describing how he gunned down the men and saying he was in a "rage" when he began his rampage.
480	An attacker who successfully exploited the vulnerability could gain the same user rights as the logged on user”
481	An attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts says Boston College may be violating student rights, and the group is prepared to bring legal action.
482	An autopsy was performed by the Office of the State Medical Examiner on Wednesday but no results were available and more tests need to be done, police said.
483	Anchoring it is little Aprile, delivering a delicate and complex performance that caught me off guard.
484	And 58 per cent of Americans say the war was not worth fighting, according to the latest ABC News poll.
485	And, after his out-of-nowhere performance in 2012, UW’s opponents will surely see much more of him this season.
486	And, again assuming current trends continue, a Democratic candidate with a narrow 51/49 national popular vote margin would be likely to also carry Gwinnett County in that year.
487	And a lot of times, they gain weight because they have no OVEN to actually cook a regular meal in so they eat whatever crap they can serve to their kids that will keep them sated until the next day.
488	And among the “Juice” alumni including Prince Fielder, Rickie and Jemile Weeks, Casey Kotchman and Matt LaPorta, there’s one player Lemon says he has all day to talk about: Mariners shortstop Brad Miller.
489	And another former member of the group said there's "no sex between husband and wife."
490	And because texts are time-stamped, they may potentially be useful as a way of helping doctors determine precisely when a patient’s stroke symptoms began.
491	And be confident in knowing that the tournament takes security very seriously and the safety of everyone within the tournament environment is our number one priority."
492	And Boeing will make polite noises about Everett being an “attractive” place to operate – then go see what else they can squeeze out of South Carolina.
493	And car companies count on beautiful sports cars to cast a glow over the rest of their offerings.
494	And Carva was diagnosed recently with a head and neck cancer.
495	And companies, such as ethio telecom, serve the agenda by acting as shadow banks.
496	And could we, just maybe, combine two awesome dishes like deviled eggs and a BLTA sandwich into one?
497	And creative demonstrations have continued.
498	And despite an intensive lobbying campaign by Giffords' group and family members of the Newtown victims, the Senate fell short of the 60 votes needed to advance proposals to expand background checks and other measures.
499	And did you know Obama created 5 million jobs?
500	And don't forget that these stars are also involved and engaged in independent cinema," Cannes Artistic Director Thierry Fremaux told The Associated Press.
501	And Erie Boulevard between Beech Street and the Dewitt town line will also be getting $250,000.
502	“Anderson, through actions described in Facts, has not shown to be a person of honesty, truthfulness and good character,” the order states.
503	Anderson, who lives in the Inuit territory of Nunatsiavut and heads the Combined Councils of Labrador, said he can't support Penashue any more.
504	And even those who know a bit of English or Kiswahili, have a difficult accent.
505	And even though Duke prevailed 71-70, those of us that went out on that limb got some degree of bracket cred for analyzing what looked like a mismatch and reckoning that the Bruins had a legitimate shot at the upset.
506	And even though the trauma is great, I am sharing my story with the world, in order to prevent this from happening to others — plus my counsellor told me it would help with the night terrors.
507	And everybody here knows that.
508	And everywhere they go, they're being smothered with junk.
509	And every year.
510	And finally, for your viewing pleasure, Tyler Florence manning the decks at The Cavalier.
511	And finally these routers also support SimpleTab, a near-field communication (NFC) technology that allows for supported clients to connect to the routers' Wi-Fi network via a quick tab.
512	And, for anyone who flies, that is good to know.
513	And former White Buck Coal Co. President David C. Hughart is set to enter a plea to two federal conspiracy charges on Feb. 28.
514	And for Shalan, that means strict fasting - not something usually associated with the larger-than-life image of sumo wrestling.
515	"And for us it's so natural that when someone wants to be democratic, you have to help.
516	And frankly this Ducks team looks the best they have looked since they won it all in 2007.
517	And get on with that which was accomplished, but even look at that which was accomplished and see whether it cannot become the starting point for new programmes.
518	And given the new economic models, the same thing could happen to mobile."
519	And, had the Connecticut shooting not happened, it's exactly where we would be on the gun issue today.
520	And heart disease is a big, expensive risk.
521	And he did it all by his little ole self.
522	And his 17-1 record last season (with the Chicago Blackhawks) is amazing."
523	And how about airline food?
524	And how we got him on that roll was getting him back out there, just like any other player.
525	"And I am making an urgent appeal, not as a negotiator, not as a leader of my delegation, but as a Filipino."
526	And I am not saying having little money or being long-term sick is easy, but who said life had to be easy?
527	And I appreciate the police taking a light-hearted approach to appeasing the people.
528	And I believe that if you do this, our next generation of women decision-makers will come forward.”
529	"And I even said there are probably one or two issues that everyone doesn't agree on, or doesn't like.
530	And if he did, is that an impeachable offense?"
531	And if it's such a big deal for several planes to fly out of Paine, just remember that Horizon Air's Dash 8-400 birds are virtually SILENT.
532	And if you want to know what the classic Zuma-era scandal is, you need to mention just one location.
533	And I know dad will be watching."
534	And I mean ONE OF THE ABUSERS!
535	"And in cold conditions also when we put on the dry tyres it's even worse.
536	And indeed the finds have had a huge impact, sparking intense interest in Arabia's prehistory.
537	And in our discussions with them, it was clearly a recognition of strength and pride and character in aboriginal people collectively," Maracle said.
538	And in the 14-month foreclosure review, the consultants collected more than $2 billion in fees, far outpacing initial estimates, according to Mr. Brown.
539	"And I really didn’t have anything done," he said.
540	And I repeated it to my players to motivate them.
541	And I suppose your darling Gordon Brown was not afraid of upsetting people?
542	And it has worked as the Lakers tiptoe closer to the eighth and final playoff spot in the Western Conference.
543	And I think that it's up to New Yorkers to decide whether I get a second chance or not, and I hope the answer's yes," the Democrat said in a telephone interview Wednesday.
544	And I think that's important," said Virginia Trimble of the University of California Irvine, who has held positions within the APS for decades.
545	And I think that's where the disconnect comes from, because most parents today see it as a chore.
546	And it makes me more than a little nervous that as I write, Mandela is dying, Egypt has erupted in protests and much of cable television is obsessed solely with the minute-by-minute depiction of the George Zimmerman trial.
547	And it might seem odd now, but Bellotti said he had to convince Chip Kelly to leave New Hampshire, where he was comfortable and content.
548	And its all just a tax write off for them so it doesn't really cost them anything anyways.
549	And it's hard to imagine Bruce Arians allowing Fitzgerald to get away.
550	And it's just a part of who he is."
551	And it stands to be a huge beneficiary.
552	And it's time to use the new and improved technology available to test truck emissions, lower transportation costs, and meet our NAFTA treaty obligations.
553	And I was like, 'Really bad.'
554	And just in case you missed the Churchillian overtone, there was this: "We must demonstrate the same resolve and sense of purpose as previous generations have with the challenges that they faced."
555	And King is the reason we believe the GOP can no longer play in the international field.
556	!) and Louisville by a combined score of 187-23.
557	And medicaid makes up the majority of all healthcare at Walmart.
558	And more to the point of the Cubs’ big-picture plans, so are the tireless attention to daily coaching details with individuals, defensive positioning and efforts to keep players accountable for their effort.
559	And no, sorry, but it being led by a dude with a Hispanic name is not a get out of jail free card.
560	And, no, these fish weren't prescribed antidepressants by a licensed psychiatrist.
561	"And not just his own business.
562	And now I can see."
563	"And now I get to ride into the sunset with my second ring."
564	“And now they supposedly have this guy saying he did it all.
565	And of course a chance to see our beloved Saints in person,” he said.
566	And of those fleeing their homes due to violence, those without resources are more likely to end up homeless.
567	And on the eve of the conclave, he wrote a letter to New York priests, saying: “My guess is that we’d have a new Successor of St. Peter by Thursday evening,” according to Dolan’s spokesman, Joseph Zwilling.
568	And on Thursday, another person was fatally struck by an F train in Queens.
569	And people are prosecuting, they're not sweeping it under the table.
570	“And people hear us asking these questions.”
571	And people who have been bullied have a unique ability to become compassionate voices, leaders and champions over oppression; the potential for healing to conquer injustice is huge," she explained.
572	And please don't rhapsodize about the wonderful rural life of the olden days- childhood mortality was much higher then thanks to the daily rigors of working dusk to dawn and non-existent medical care (although the "less food" part was probably a bonus).
573	And regulators who have fashioned these agreements will think back fondly on how they drove tough bargains, made firms admit wrongdoing and extracted enormous sums.
574	Andres Amador and his partner Ember Dequincy have been together for 6 years and now support themselves making Earthscapes.
575	Andrew Malinak, a Seattle long-distance swimmer, told the Associated Press news agency: "When you know how hard it is, you kind of want those details."
576	Android's Gingerbread operating system has sticking power, but it's finally starting to loosen its hold.
577	And Scott's efforts to shift to the center politically haven't seemed to help his standing.
578	And, second, we have to begin to diagnose and deal effectively with mental illness.
579	And seeing is not simple.
580	And sometimes they are not even affected by a taser.
581	And so on Saturday, Jan. 24, 1894, Hall and two other Virginia lawmen burst through the post office door, guns already cocked and ready for action.
582	And that has been a big advantage of having a majority government, is the ability — not that we didn’t accomplish some things in a minority — but the ability to take a long-term view.
583	And that holds true for dozens of other repeat offenders.
584	And that is when Williams channeled his inner Eminem and began to rap.
585	And that other side of that coin is what CARE will everyone actually GET for their dollar?
586	And that’s not the only great thing about the fruits.
587	And that's really cool."
588	"And that's what's killing us.
589	And that's why the US, Israel & all their Gulf dictatorship allies in the region have flooded Syria with thousands of extremist Islamic radicals & terrorists to destroy the old and bring in the new.
590	"And that time he was not OK," said Fidow, adding Hassan told him he was under a lot of stress and suffered from depression and lack of sleep.
591	And the classes I didn't love, I didn't bother with.
592	And the doctors, practicing what they preach, are having the conversation with their own families.
593	And then moving to the Big 12 and the excitement that created and the home schedule we had, that helped.
594	And then Oxenberg, who is, incidentally, descended from real, vs. Hollywood, royalty, hatched a devilish plan.
595	And then there are illegals (of all races) that shouldn't recieve anything when there are citizens that need help.
596	“And then there is the issue of finding suitable jobs, a home and even education for their children, all of which are currently tough to get back home.”
597	And then there was TCU, which won just 11 games last season, and is expected to do little more than compete with Texas and Texas Tech at the bottom of the Big 12 standings.
598	And then wait a few months for demand to wane.
599	"And then we were shocked when we found this increase in incidence of birth defects," Kimmins said, adding that a link between a father's diet and birth defects had never been reported before.
600	And there are hundreds of them in Rotterdam.
601	And therein lies its inherent danger.
602	And there is a long list of drugs acting on the brain whose severe problems were only identified after millions of people were taking them.”
603	And the starting price is higher than that of an iPhone or Samsung Galaxy phone.
604	And the theme of the movie, the fact that the president is under siege - it worked on 'Air Force One.'
605	And the trees have disappeared.
606	And the two lost starters were Illinois’ two best offensive linemen.
607	And they did eat and were all filled; and there was taken up fragments that remained to them 12 baskets.”
608	And they have the death of the owner's son looming over their heads.
609	And they've got three gallons of this stuff.
610	And those jobs help create an additional 12,000 jobs throughout the area.
611	And those who browse Facebook during class do not have attention problems.
612	And was Andra also looking at the storm not only as a forecaster but as a husband and father?
613	And we’re adding a health occupation suite that we don’t currently have.”
614	"And we saw that the drug protected mice from a serious immune reaction called sepsis."
615	And we would laugh about it."
616	And what a backstory: In 1999, he wore a pager at the U.S. Open and swore that if it beeped, he’d leave the tournament immediately to be with his wife for the birth of their first child.
617	And what it feels like if you don't.
618	And when others gave up, the team kept on at it.
619	And when the service is no longer required, they can cancel that subscription with no equipment left unused in the corner.”
620	And while the Check-Up Center had a lot going for it—the ability for kids to pretend they are the main character on a popular show—there were also risks.
621	And whose takeover of our collective imaginations risked damaging their progenitors for good.
622	And with 94% of web searches rarely going past Google's first page, getting onto the first page is paramount to developing Internet-derived business.
623	And with my rudimentary understanding of the internet, I was very excited by the fact that not only was this something that could be listened to at any time again and again, but that it was also global.
624	And yet Maisie Dobbs does both, brilliantly.
625	Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal made successful returns to the court while Vasek Pospisil kept on a roll Wednesday at the US$3.49-million men's Rogers Cup.
626	“And you can’t dare me to do anything I don’t want to do in 2013."
627	An earlier version of this article had an incorrect spelling for the last name of Jarvis Montaque.
628	An early cut of film won the Audience Award at this year's Sundance Film Festival and a later version won the top documentary prize at the Toronto International Film Festival.
629	An earthquake and three tremors have shaken several parts of Uganda in the last 3 days.
630	An elderly woman was found dead in her South Shore home early Sunday following a domestic-related incident, authorities said.
631	Anelka has done a bit of travelling since we last saw him in the Premier League, but his experience (West Brom is his sixth club in this league) should tell and he has been scoring in preseason matches.
632	An email sent to West's record label for comment was not immediately returned.
633	A new audit of the project in 2005 discovered the same problems that were in the audit seven years earlier — problems not brought to light at the time.
634	A new baby seat featuring a special holder for iPads is raising concerns from both Montreal parents and childhood education specialists.
635	A new CEO appointment would come at a time of major upheaval at the 136-year-old institution - a legacy of Britain's former manufacturing clout - that remains the world's biggest marketplace for aluminum, copper, lead, zinc, tin and nickel.
636	A New Orleans judge refused Friday to temporarily shut down a multibillion-dollar settlement program for compensating victims of BP's 2010 Gulf oil spill, saying he has seen no evidence of widespread fraud among the tens of thousands of claims.
637	A new portrait of Hollywood actor Kevin Spacey will go on display at the National Portrait Gallery in September.
638	A new quasi-civilian regime took power in 2011, but medical care remains woefully inadequate.
639	A new series of articles in the journal Nature tackles these issues, examining the causes of the science gender gap and highlighting solutions that work.
640	Angel refused to comment on the story, with a campaign official saying she's too busy and wasn't given enough warning.
641	Angels manager Mike Scioscia wasn't ejected on Thursday, when he incredulously argued Bo Porter's pitching change when the newly installed Houston reliever hadn't faced a single batter.
642	Angie Miller took a subtle record and turned it into a power ballad, turning one of her weaknesses into a strength, Jimmy Iovine says.
643	Anglers could have parked next to W.Va. 61 and crossed the tracks on foot, but neither the railroad nor the power company wanted the liability that might have resulted from such an arrangement.
644	Anglin said that most of those who are facing criminal charges are also highly intoxicated.
645	An honest take is that the only thing I'm looking forward to is the trading deadline.
646	“Animal care staff sadly confirmed that in spite of their best efforts to corral our free-roaming peacocks on Thursday night, at least one bird has not survived the flood.
647	Animal problem on Buckeye, Mark Twain.
648	Animations string together effortlessly, capturing pro basketball games beautifully.
649	An initial assessment of the hospital said: "These two measures are being used as a 'smoke alarm' for identifying potential quality problems which warrant further review.
650	An intense committee debate over the bill underscored congressional fears about greater U.S. military involvement in a Mideast war after more than a decade of American combat in Iraq and Afghanistan.
651	An MRI of the knee was reportedly negative on Monday, and that is certainly a relief.
652	Anna Pelegay and Emily Listowich finished in 16th and 17th place for the Roadrunners, while freshman Bailey Debiase was 23rd.
653	Anne Hathaway was figured early on to be a favorite in the best supporting actress category for her role as Fantine, who sells her body, hair and teeth to save her daughter in the adaptation of the beloved stage musical.
654	Announced as an intention several weeks ago, Android 4.x users are expected to get access to the app on September 21 from Google's Play, followed 12 hours later for iPhone users from Apple's App Store.
655	Announced in 1998, work began on the extension in 2002 and was completed in 2007.
656	Announcing the results on Tuesday, the European Commission said that for the EU as a whole, just less than 5 percent of all beef products tested had come back positive for horse DNA.
657	A NOAA law-enforcement spokeswoman said that a March 26 hearing before an administrative law judge about the American Dynasty violations was postponed so that the agency and American Seafoods could discuss a “global settlement” covering all three vessels.
658	An Occupy Wall Street protester who was sucker-punched by an NYPD officer during a chaotic march in October 2011 has filed a lawsuit against the department and the city.
659	An older girl approaches with a bunch of firewood.
660	An opponent of Egypt's Islamist President Mohammed Morsi chants slogans during a protest outside the presidential palace, in Cairo, Egypt, Wednesday, July 3, 2013.
661	An Oregon cheerleaders preforms during a timeout during the Ducks' game against the San Francisco Dons.
662	Another 13-year-old, Abdi Ibrahim, is accused of starting a fire on May 3 that destroyed four apartment buildings downtown.
663	Another bill would ban U.S. horse slaughter facilities while prohibiting exports.
664	Another death reported today in our area --due to complications from the flu.
665	Another fierce opponent is the Coalition of Airline Pilots Associations.
666	Another highlight is the eye-catching tower display of Christie MicroTiles using Christie Jumpstart.
667	Another neighbor, Dirk Roman also disagrees with flying the flag upside down and tattered.
668	Another regional security analyst cited the attack on the wounded Syrian troops in Iraq as decisive proof of cooperation.
669	Another speaker shouted out: "Who was that cryin'?" and the crowd responded: "Trayvon Martin."
670	Another theory notes that white baby boomers have always had higher rates of depression and suicide, and that has held true as they've hit middle age.
671	Another top receiver, Michael Bennett, has missed two games with a knee injury.
672	Another victim was in critical condition and one was in fair condition Friday night, the university hospital said.
673	Anti-aging medicine is the new Internet of healthcare.
674	A number of women attended the match in a separate section, a rare sight in conservative Afghanistan.
675	An unidentified male and female may have attempted to sell some of these items at local businesses.
676	An Unsolved Art World Mystery, a new exhibition that opens Saturday and runs through Aug. 25 at the Nevada Museum of Art here.
677	A nurse walks outside the Cristobal Labra health clinic, where according to local media, victims of an …
678	"Any artist who's ever lost any piece of work they've been working on.
679	Anybody else see the irony in a company whose name graces a multitude of air purifiers being busted for polluting the environment?
680	Any country that follows it will suffer poverty and social disorder.
681	"Any future contact should be directed to the coaching staff, the athletics training staff, or the compliance office.
682	ANY intelligent person would have gotten himself and his dog out of the situation.
683	Any new facility needs to meet physical requirements - Thornton said the offenders would punch holes in drywall, for example -and needs to offer appropriate programming to help the offenders.
684	Anyone can say that.
685	Anyone one of us who acted with intent to swindle someone from their holdings would end up incarcerated.
686	Anyone with information is encouraged to contact the South Jordan Police Department at (801) 840-4000 and reference case no.
687	Anyone with information should contact the British Transport Police on 0800 40 50 40 or information can be given anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
688	Any other ME countries, besides Jordan?
689	Any producer, no matter what genre, would be thankful to work with somebody that talented."
690	Any reasonable doubt yet?
691	Anything else and England will come back across the Severn Bridge with the trophy.
692	Anyway, it's all sort of a moot point for me here in America.
693	Anyway, You're definitely somebody that has something to say that people should hear.
694	Anywhere he goes is probably a 2-3 years hard work before able to play for the final.
695	Anzor Tsarnaev said his son stayed with him for at least three months in Makhachkala, the capital of Dagestan, and spent one month with relatives, but he was unclear on where his son was for the remaining time.
696	A pack of dogs remained under quarantine at a Mojave Desert shelter on Friday as investigators tried to determine whether they were involved in a mauling that killed a jogger.
697	A paid content platform would offer viewers an alternative to traditional TV, as well as deliver new revenue streams through subscriptions and ads placed in the channels.
698	A pane of glass fell and broke on the ice after Washington's Alex Ovechkin and Boston defenseman Chris Castro collided in the corner with 4 minutes left in the second.
699	A paramedic and a police detective testified Tuesday during the trial of Mark Hutt, an Ottawa man charged with first-degree murder after the death of his wife in 2009. more »
700	Apart from the seeking legal recourse, RioZim said it would pursue "other avenues to seek prompt resolution", but was not specific on other alternatives.
701	A passenger speaks on the phone in front of Iberia airline costumer service desk during an Iberia workers' strike at Madrid's Barajas International Airport on Monday, March 4, 2013.
702	A pastor one week, a baby and mother the following week?
703	A perfect day would be a hot cup of coffee, a good book and watching the snow fall in her "Blue Room" with her dogs cuddled close.
704	A person familiar with the deal tells The Associated Press that the Boston Red Sox and reliever Edward Mujica have agreed on a two-year contract.
705	A person who is not only on 'The Voice' but is the voice."
706	A Philadelphia judge has ordered that a couple who believe in faith healing over medicine be held without bail on third-degree murder charges in the April death of their 8-month-old son.
707	A picture taken on September 25 shows Nadezhda Tolokonnikova at her penal colony in the village of Partza.
708	"A Piece of Canada in Dubai brings together the work of three outstanding artists who reflect diversity, passion, experiment and energy in modern Canadian art.
709	A plan is in motion to offer a “one-stop shopping” location for Porter County taxpayers in the most populous part of the county.
710	“A player with superstar status, who has a record contract came up and said ‘You know, I want to go home.
711	A police helicopter was scrambled to Canterbury this afternoon to help hunt for burglary suspects.
712	A police officer was taken to a hospital to be treated for pepper spray exposure.
713	A police official says the Tibetan …more man has set himself on fire in Nepal's capital in what is believed to be the latest self-immolation to protest Chinese rule in Tibet.
714	Apparently, in the land of "fraternite, liberte, egalite" some of the "freres" have more "egalite" than others, which imperils the "liberte" of the rest of the "freres".
715	Apparently, no one thinks about the science of standing in line more than Disney.
716	Apparently our over-shampooing habit is all The New York Times' fault.
717	Apparently, the court's judgment hurt Mgure deeply and he reportedly had vowed to avenge himself, but Mang'wena never made much of the threat.
718	Apparently, the Mexican congresswoman was relying on the now infamous "New Family Structures Study" conducted by professor Mark Regnerus of the University of Texas.
719	Apparently, there is some dispute with the caterer, however, because the bankers are trying to set the rate.
720	Appeared in: 'Superman' Lexcorp is Lex Luthor's giant holding company, which he uses to carry out his nefarious, often real estate-related schemes.
721	Apple has yet to comment on the situation, but plenty of observers and customers are weighing in online.
722	Apple is No. 1 or No. 2 in almost all other countries where it sells the iPhone, but has lagged behind its competitors in China.
723	Apple saw its iPad sales decline from the previous year for the first time in the quarter ending in June.
724	Apple was also criticized for not debuting any groundbreaking new products since the early 2010 introduction of the iPad.
725	Applicants must either be entering a full-time undergraduate program or be a current full-time undergraduate student at an accredited U.S. college.
726	Applications are taken by appointment only.
727	Appraisers said it's wetland, worth only $50,000.
728	Approximately 514 people are reported dead.
729	Approximately one out of every eight adults in the rural areas and one in every five urban women are infected with HIV, with the infection rate being higher than that of the male counterparts.
730	Approximate path of alleged Israeli strike on Syria's border with Lebanon, Jan. 30, 2013, according to foreign reports.
731	AP reporters Steve Rothwell, Tamara Lush and photographer Chris O’Meara contributed.
732	A principal Energy officer at the Ministry of Energy has underscored the importance of sustainable energy planning, noting that such has the potential to improve socio-economic development.
733	A problem with a valve on the second plane was repaired but only after delaying a flight from Oslo to New York on Sunday.
734	A Progressive caucus that can't even prevent the Democratic Party from passing a Republican bill with only minority support from the Majority party does no good at all.
735	A promotional video published Sunday shows how "Amazon Prime Air" would work.
736	A protester throws a tear gas canister back at riot police in front of the U.S. Embassy in Ankara.
737	A public defender representing Mazzaglia has declined to comment on the indictments.
738	A public hearing on the apodment proposal is scheduled for April 3rd at 7 p.m.
739	A purr-fectly sweet deal!
740	A raft of stricter new traffic laws came into effect across China beginning Jan 1, mandating harsher penalties for a wider range of violations in a bid to curb the alarming number of fatal accidents on the country’s motorways.
741	A rare chance to reform the NSA?
742	A rather sad conclusion.
743	Architect Robert Haggis predicts he will be working on a lot more mid-range, maintenance-free projects down the road for the area’s aging population.
744	ARDMORE, Pa. -- The U.S. Open and Phil Mickelson's family have developed a fascinating bond over the past 14 years.
745	Area lake levels rose over the past couple of weeks but were very low.
746	A recent Millennial Branding report found 45% of Millennials will choose workplace flexibility over pay.
747	A recent report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics indicates as much: The percentage of American workers who belong to unions dropped to 11.3 percent in 2012, down from 11.8 percent the year before.
748	A recent survey by the site eHarmony shows as much as a third of Americans married since 2005 had met online.
749	A refresher for those of you who need it: In January 1990, an FBI sting operation busted Washington, D.C. Mayor Marion Barry smoking crack cocaine.
750	Are Hollywood directors tormented the same way?
751	A release from the Constabulary Communication Network (CCN) on Saturday said the district constable was suspended following an investigation by the Inspectorate of the Constabulary into the handling of the Kimberly Simpson murder case.
752	A remastered reissue of Nirvana's third and final album, 'In Utero,' will be released Sept. 24.
753	A Republican-dominated coalition took power in the Senate Monday, establishing a new majority leader on the first day of the legislative session and rejecting Democrats' offer to co-chair all Senate committees.
754	A research study called CATALYST, studying treatment designed to relieve cat allergy symptoms is currently underway at McMaster University in Hamilton.
755	Are there any conservative Republicans in Chicago?
756	Are they in it for the pageviews, or do they really think his point of view is worthwhile?"
757	A review has been carried out after a reindeer was taken round some wards at Glasgow's Sick Children's Hospital.
758	Are you cutting back?
759	Are you happy with the way women are treated in India?
760	Are you sayin' only non-white folk can be a gangster?
761	Are you sure that he's really dead?" was all that Ndanusa thundered on telephone on hearing the sad news of Ositelu's passage Thursday.
762	Argentine singer Diego Garcia, who formerly led the indie act Elefant, performs a solo set at the Millennium Stage. 6 p.m. at the Kennedy Center, 2700 F St. NW.
763	Arginine is there instead.
764	Arguably none of them has told the story in the way Armstrong has done.
765	Arias said she had once walked in on her lover looking at a picture of a scantily clad young boy for sexual gratification, and said that had made her feel physically sick.
766	Arias Tells Jury What She'd Do if She Gets.
767	Arick Nicks from Huntington High was a second team selection.
768	A right-wing extremist has been elected regional governor of Banska Bystrica in central Slovakia.
769	Arizona's move to the top spot is another sign times have changed quite a bit from when Michigan and Arizona started talking about a series three years ago.
770	Armed Murle youth have also joined the rebellion to avoid disarmament in Pibor area and are the main source of insecurity to their neighboring communities in a cycle of revenge attacks.
771	ArmenTel CJSC (Beeline trademark) has launched a campaign for the fixed telephony subscribers.
772	Armstrong founded the charity in 1997 but stepped down as chairman and left the board of directors late last year after a US Anti-Doping Agency report detailed a complex doping program on Armstrong's US Postal Service teams.
773	Army spokesman Sawarmi Khaled Saad said the men received an amnesty from President Omar al-Bashir but will be banned from military service.
774	A rough count turned up at least four reported concussions.
775	Around 500 clowns at the convention held a "laugh-a-ton" rally for peace.
776	Arrangements can be made for collecting a large number of books by calling 304-529-2701.
777	Arrangements for Mrs. Huston were entrusted to the Lewis-Hoagland Funeral Home in Schell City.
778	Arsene Wenger admits Arsenal's 4-0 mauling by AC Milan in the Champions League will haunt him for the rest of his life.
779	Arusha Regional Police Commander Liberatus Sabas told Sabahi that Ambross was arrested after witnesses identified him as the man they saw throwing a bomb from a motorcycle.
780	"As a Berlin company, we are just as interested in retaining the East Side Gallery as a historic monument – all of the pieces of wall will be available for the public to view, as well as the corresponding artwork," he said in a statement.
781	As a cancer patient and the race director of our Ann Arbor’s Gallup Gallop, I invite all my community fellows to stand tall, work together and show support for causes that we care for.
782	As, a car can do significant damage, it is important to be very watchful of surroundings.
783	As a consequence, it dilutes support for public policies that could address the lack of upward mobility among children born at the bottom, who ought to be given priority.
784	"As a government, we have put in place various revenue collection measures and efforts to ensure compliance to see to it that we finance our own development of course with the help of our development partners," Rotich said.
785	As a kid, he was into UFOs and the Loch Ness Monster the way other boys dug toy cars and G.I. Joes.
786	As an advocate group founded specifically for educators, they provide support and information needed to help teachers achieve their higher education.
787	As a nationalist party, it competes with the militants for the support of ethnic minority Pashtun people along the Afghan-Pakistan border.
788	As anyone listening could tell, that was and remains a flawed type of thinking.
789	As anyone who has ever entertained will know, one thing much ruder than being a little late, is a guest who turns up early.
790	As a player, Mattingly made one playoff appearance in a 14-year career.
791	As a result of his conviction, Navalny's freedom of movement will be limited.
792	As a result, the works and transport ministry is currently reviewing the regulation with a view to making it more punitive and timely.
793	"As a result, we expect production to pull-back in the second half of 2013 after recording a solid increase in production thus far into 2013."
794	As a science writer, I knew hantavirus could be swiftly lethal.
795	As a teenager she was well known for her braided hair.
796	As both the national business laws and the on-the-ground reality show, renewal is warranted whenever there is a change in business ownership, line of business and high-level executive management.
797	A school canteen is under investiagtion in Lucknow, northern India, after pupils rioted after finding a dead rat in their food.
798	As currently chief he would sunk Israel.
799	As disappointed as Rose was in his finish it was nothing compared to the frustration Woods felt about the sloppy end to his two-under 70.
800	As Donald Kaberuka, the President of the African Development Bank, said in a recent BBC interview, "Nowadays rich countries don't have to ask how they can help Africa, but how they can do business with and work with Africa!"
801	A second man, after first trying to drag the first man away, then pulls up in a car and the thief eventually staggers toward it.
802	A second person, a 65-year-old man, was thrown from the vehicle and died.
803	A second wave of protests to raise the minimum wage began in Chicago Wednesday with workers from the Fight for 15 movement and other labor organizations picketing two McDonald’s locations and Whole Foods on Halsted and Waveland.
804	A security guard, who refused to be identified, said he was sleeping in the butchery at the time the fire broke out and was awaken by the noise from people who were outside.
805	A "self-policing " mechanism would see contributors' ratings assessed over time, he said.
806	A Senate committee has recommended that Silvio Berlusconi lose his Senate seat due to his tax fraud conviction.
807	A senior Russian diplomat disagrees: "We all held the pen together.
808	A separate containment system designed to collect oil in case of a well accident failed during testing, preventing Shell from drilling into oil-bearing formations during its abbreviated exploration season last summer and fall.
809	A separate report by NatCen Social Research and the University of East Anglia has found that men with a partner and children at home work longer hours than other working men.
810	A separate report showed that US home prices jumped nearly 11 percent in March compared with a year ago, the sharpest 12-month increase since April 2006.
811	A series of new clauses to the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill were put forward at report stage on 20 May 2013, in a bid to make exemptions for registrars and teachers who do not believe in same sex marriage.
812	A seven year study in Norway also found that those who laughed most often in everyday life were 35 per cent less likely to die during the study period.
813	“As far as they are concerned they are going to spend the rest of their lives together and will definitely get married in the next year or so."
814	As far as width is concerned, during past periods of economic strife, tie-makers would slim down their styles to save material.
815	As for Christopher Conk (pictured at right in a photo from a 2012 arrest for DUI), he does have a record involving similar charges.
816	As for his excuse of saying he is scared of getting sent to the US.
817	As for PFC Manning, I believe he is a true whistleblower becasue he exposed a gross amount of state and military misconduct, including rampant torture by US sponsored actors.
818	As for the matter at hand – it was not Mr. Patric who went public with this information first, it was the mother who told her story to TMZ of all places (trash heap).
819	As has been his postseason custom, Rask kept the Bruins in a position to recover.
820	As he spoke, a black street dog roamed a corridor.
821	A shooting in the City Heights section of San Diego, Calif., Friday evening left one person wounded.
822	A sick little girl got the surprise of a lifetime Saturday night.
823	As I flipped through the pages, learning that CAFO was short for “confined animal feeding operation,” I remember pausing and looking up to ask the ladies in the office, “This isn’t real, right?”
824	"As I have said, I am proud to wear a dress, and as Kentucky's more than two million women know, it is not what is in the dress that matters."
825	A similar psychology lies behind the success of Amazon Prime, a subscription service that costs $79 a year for free two-day shipping in the U.S. plus other benefits.
826	As impressive as these visual elements prove to be, the film struggles to grab and maintain audiences’ interest, whether or not they know the underlying legend by heart.
827	A single bag of the green tea sold by Lipton and Bigelow contained somewhat smaller amounts of antioxidants than Teavana’s green tea and generally minimal amounts of caffeine.
828	As in, what happens to your online presence after you die?
829	As I predicted, I did not win the Nashville Sports Person of the Year award last Thursday.
830	As it did Monday.
831	As Ivorians before their first game, the Hawks were with school children surrounding Moruleng Stadium during the training session on Thursday.
832	As I was a kid, this was something I always said I wanted to do.
833	Asked if the controversies would bring Republican victories in next year's congressional elections to take control of the Senate while retaining their majority in the House, Ryan said it was "just way too premature to make a comment like that."
834	Asked to substantiate his allegations, Tsvangirai told the Etv interviewer that the MDC-T "used to control Manicaland" and now they do not have a single seat in Manicaland.
835	As “La Pasionaria” Dolores Ibárruri, the antifascist leader in the Spanish civil war, understood, “It’s better to die on your feet than live on your knees.”
836	As long as Branagh wasn't hurt and no one died.
837	As long as the media treats him like some Robin Hood, it will show there is no strength in the laws.
838	"As long as there is no agreement, there is no agreement.
839	As long as the vibration and stray electromagnetic fields are controlled to the University of Washington's satisfaction.
840	"As long as we keep adapting and figuring out what folks are interested in, we keep growing," he said.
841	As luck would have it, the production was delayed and she was able to neatly balance home and acting.
842	A smaller share of Americans currently serve in the Armed Forces than at any other given point in time since World War II.
843	A small part of the roof of a stadium set to host Confederations Cup matches next month in Brazil has collapsed.
844	As many as 12 players can face off against one another in Shadowgun: DeadZone, using a host of weapons, characters, and items to secure victory against opponents.
845	Asmara — Eritrean community members in Scandinavia, Australia and New Zealand have conveyed messages of condolence to the family members and companions of the late Woldenkiel Gebremariam, Minister of Local Government.
846	As noted by Engadget and The Verge, the application also makes apparent reference to bone-conducting speakers that deliver sound to the wearer via vibrating contact with the head.
847	As now, the fight would involve shadow actors from throughout the region.
848	As Oklahoma begins to recover from the devastating storms, both senators are rejecting comparisons to the disaster funding legislation in the wake of Hurricane Sandy that they both opposed.
849	A son of Suriname’s president has been arrested in Panama and sent to New York to face charges of smuggling cocaine into the US, US authorities said on Friday.
850	ASOTIN COUNTY, WA - The Asotin County Assessor's office is having a difficult time getting work complete with a bare-bones staff.
851	A source close to the investigation said it was too soon to focus on pilot error as a cause of the incident, adding that there are other factors to consider including aircraft performance and wind conditions.
852	A source previously said: ''Lily is the perfect girl for Zac to be dating right now.
853	A South Korean watches news reporting …
854	As part of efforts to meet its agreed target with the International Monetary Fund, the Government has tapped the surplus of the National Housing Trust for $45.6 billion over the next four years.
855	As part of its year-end special edition, The Dickinson County News listed the top news and sports stories of 2012.
856	A spokesman for PotashCorp declined to answer questions about its purchase of phosphate from Western Sahara.
857	A spokesman for the Giants said Monday that the team and John Mara, president and chief executive officer of the Giants, had no comment on the arrest.
858	A spokesman for the Illinois State Rifle Association did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Madigan's petition.
859	A spokesman for the musical says the actor suffered an injury during the Thursday night performance, which was immediately halted.
860	A spokesman for the Ontario Council of Hospital Unions says he doesn't have a problem with that.
861	A spokesman for U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz declined to comment on Carney's remark.
862	A spokesperson at Mainstream Canada's Ross Point salmon farm says it's believed the dead whale drifted into the farm site.
863	A spokeswoman for the Australian authority leading the rescue effort, however, said officials remain hopeful that an icebreaker ship will reach the MV Akademic Shokalskiy and make a helicopter rescue unnecessary.
864	A spokeswoman for the Zoo confirms that the auction, which benefits the Friends of the National Zoo, is legit.
865	A sports jacket with blood on it was seized from the home of Richard Oland’s son as part of the police investigation into the New Brunswick businessman’s death, court documents released Friday say.
866	As Professor Antonia Layard explained to me, there is actually no legal category of "public space" in English law, just different types of private ownership.
867	As referenced earlier, we need to strive for an environment of intellectual curiosity, data, research, and testing to ensure that our programs are working.
868	As reports of the storm came in, Denton’s 16-year-old texted him, telling him to call.
869	Assets of tax-exempt funds fell $850 million to $85.13 billion.
870	As she puts it, “people in a distrustful mindset seem to use nonroutine information-processing strategies.”
871	Associated Press/Jeff Chiu - Jen Rainin, left, laughs as her wife Frances holds up their dog Punum after they were married at City Hall in San Francisco, Friday, June 28, 2013.
872	Associated Press/Paul Sakuma, File - FILE- In this Thursday, April 26, 2012, file photo, a Safeway online shopping advertisement is shown at a Safeway store in San Francisco.
873	Associated Press writer Ken Kusmer contributed to this report from Indianapolis.
874	Associated Press writer Nedra Picker in Edgartown, Mass., contributed to this report.
875	Associated Press writers Angela Charlton and Greg Keller contributed to this report from Paris.
876	Associated Press writers Jack Chang, E. Eduardo Castillo, Fabiola Sanchez and Christopher Toothaker contributed to this report.
877	Associate professors at UW receive 14 percent less and full professors about 20 percent less.
878	Association president Katherine Mackwood accused the government of trying to sneak its plan in under the radar.
879	As state-level authorities deliberate, local prosecutors and law officers in more than a dozen North Carolina jurisdictions have taken action, raiding cafes, seizing computers and making arrests to slow down the illegal gambling.
880	As student loan debt mounts, students and policymakers alike are trying to figure out who is to blame for the country's $1 trillion problem.
881	As such a people, we bear a responsibility to bring about 'a world without nuclear weapons' without fail," Abe said in front of about 50,000 participants at the annual event.
882	A state lawmaker is proposing that all members of the South Carolina State University Board of Trustees be replaced.
883	A statement from Community Regional Medical Center says Neriza Fojas and Michelle Estrera were killed when the limo caught fire on the San Mateo-Hayward Bridge Saturday night.
884	A statement Sunday evening from Payton Principal Timothy Devine and Brooks Principal D’Andre Weaver read: “This has been a very unfortunate misunderstanding between our school communities.
885	A statue of one of Johnson’s cats, Hodge, sits in the courtyard in front of the house, while inside the collection includes 18th- and 19th-century prints as well as paintings, several manuscripts and porcelain from the period.
886	As the Constitutional Court prepared to rule on high treason charges against him, a jovial crowd of some 300 people carried Klaus' burning effigy from the main castle gates down to Charles Bridge.
887	“As the death took place on the base, it is now under military police investigation.
888	As the demonstrators thundered, Campbell urged Senate security to "Get them out!
889	As the film opens, one of the younger nuns, Voichita (Cosmina Stratan), is at the train station to meet a friend, Alina (Cristina Flutur), who has been living in Germany.
890	"As the last line of defense in our nation's aviation system, flight attendants understand the importance of maintaining a calm cabin environment, and passengers agree," said AFA president Veda Shook, in a statement.
891	As the new show relates, Josephine was the gawky dancer at the end of the line who played for laughs.
892	As the winner, McDermott receives a trip for two to the 2014 NCAA Men's Final Four® courtesy of Northwestern Mutual.
893	As they mapped out their future, they knew rewarding him was a priority.
894	As to her use of the "n" word, she asked, "I beg you.
895	A strong El Niño brings heavy rains to North and South America and drought to Australia, making its prediction something long sought by weather forecasters.
896	A strong US dollar makes commodities priced in the currency, such as gold and oil, more expensive for foreign investors, pressuring shares of energy and basic materials companies.
897	Astronomers peering into the early history of the universe have spotted perhaps the most productive star-forming galaxy ever found.
898	Astrue worked to reduce backlogs of people applying for disability claims, despite a big surge in applications since the recession.
899	A study co-authored last year by Tamblyn found 11 per cent of prescriptions in Canada are off-label; in 79 per cent of those cases, there was no evidence to back up the doctor's decision.
900	A stylish and sleek love story from Spain, its reversals of character don’t have the impact it would in a longer film with more character building.
901	As Ty unleashes Kim's inner dirty girl, she realizes that the rancher cowboy might be more than a roll in the hay—but can these two opposites make their passionate ride last a lifetime?
902	A suicide bombing on a trolley bus Monday in Volgograd killed at least 14 people, Russia's health ministry said.
903	As University of Utah professor Bob Smith told the BBC, "We’ve been working there for a long time, and we’ve always thought it would be bigger..
904	"As we embark upon this new relationship with WaterLyn, our success will be built through teamwork and exceptional customer service."
905	As we seek help from the atomic energy, my ministry plans to increase traps for the flies," said the Minister of Agriculture and Natural Resources, Mr Ramadhan Abdulla Shaaban, during the discussion of his ministry's budget estimates.
906	As we've seen, GM Trent Baalke is dangerous with extra picks in his hands.
907	As with CES last month, MWC 2013 gave the smaller brands a chance to prove their worth.
908	As with previous scandals, the official announcements are difficult to believe.
909	As with previous surveys, the new poll indicates that Christie had a huge lead over state Sen. Barbara Buono, who Democrats have rallied behind as the consensus challenger to the Republican governor.
910	As with the Champions League, the Europa League semifinal draw will take place on Friday.
911	As you guys know we were supposed to be doing this last night, and we're supposed to be getting ready to go to London right about now..
912	As you know, Yugoslavia didn't have formal censorship.
913	At $100 an hour, the bill came to $600.
914	At 3:01 a.m. on Jan. 1, East Precinct officers responded to Portland Adventist Medical Center on the report of a stabbing victim dropped off at the Emergency Room.
915	At 3.9 percent, engineers are tied with health sciences for starting salary growth.
916	At 41st Avenue South, the park has a Try Active America warm-up station for exercising as well as a walking path with two pergolas.
917	At 5:44 p.m., harassment was reported on Water Street.
918	At 6-5, the Bears are tied for first place in the NFC North.
919	At 78 years old, Mrs. Hataway is not going to let anyone get the best of her.
920	At 8 a.m., a silver Kia in front of Harris swerved to avoid the oncoming sport utility vehicle.
921	At a meeting with the community leaders, including clerics, the security agencies had pleaded for cooperation.
922	At a primary night celebration, Democrat David Brezler said he was firmly behind de Blasio.
923	At around 4,200 square feet, the Norwegian Gem's Garden Villas feature large living rooms overlooking the ship's top deck as well as three bedrooms and a roof terrace and private garden with open-air dining area.
924	At a roundtable hosted by Variety, potential Emmy nominees - Jack Huston, David Morrissey, Charles Esten, Vincent Kartheiser, Freddie Highmore and Dean Norris - talked about working with their lead co-stars.
925	At a time when women run major corporations and branches of government, surely a pope could take more decisive steps to demonstrate that women are not second-class citizens in their own church.
926	"A teacher assistant… had held a towel over my son's nose and mouth, and I said, 'Wait a minute, he's asthmatic.
927	At first I was kind of grimly interested but now I just feel bad for the victim and all the black Brits and Muslims who are going to have to have to feel the intolerance.
928	At first, they tried removing acres of full-grown, fruit-bearing trees in the hopes of eradicating the disease.
929	At Great Ormond street the child Savile abused died, but someone who witnessed what happened came forward, the Guardian reports.
930	At hand is a looming deadline in July by which the Least Developed Countries (LDCs) are supposed to conform to the WTO agreement on intellectual property, known as the TRIPS Agreement.
931	ATHENS, Greece (AP) — A magnitude-5.6 earthquake has struck in the Mediterranean Sea south of the Greek island of Crete but no damage or casualties have been reported.
932	ATHENS, Greece — Thousands of civil servants marched through the Greek capital and the second largest city of Thessaloniki on Wednesday, as a two-day nationwide strike against planned job cuts shut down all public services.
933	A three-year term (or any sort of term limit) would be fantastic.
934	A tiger baby responds to "Tiger Mom syndrome"
935	At its closest approach, the asteroid will still be 3.6 million miles from our planet (about 15 times the distance between the Earth and the moon), but it will be close enough for these powerful radar antennas to see features as small as 12 feet across.
936	At JA Solar, Herman Zhao was appointed its new CFO, as the previous CFO, Min Cao, will take on the role of chief strategy officer.
937	Atlanta BravesThe Braves' six-time All-Star catcher Brian McCann made his season debut on Monday, but the biggest story of the week was their formidable bullpen blowing two games.
938	ATLANTA — When the U.S. Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights act last week, it handed Republicans tough questions with no easy answers over how, and where, to attract voters even GOP leaders say the party needs to stay nationally competitive.
939	Atlantic Plumbing project gets permits.
940	At least 80,000 people have been killed and more than 1.6 million refugees have fled Syria, according to the United Nations, in a conflict which pits mainly Sunni Muslim rebels against Assad, from an Alawite minority linked to Shi'ite Islam.
941	At least an 18" machete, it was that long," said Bancel.
942	At least have the decency to limit late term abortions-no brainer!
943	At least kids are likely to be more aware that they can speak up about it now.
944	At least two law firms in Shanghai and Singapore are acting for shipowners seeking compensation from Rongsheng for late or cancelled orders.
945	At least two other soldiers have also been arrested and court martialed for killing civilians.
946	At meQuilibrium, we call these deep-rooted, age-old ideas about how the world should work iceberg beliefs.
947	At no time was information provided by the witnesses shared by the FBI."
948	At one event earlier this week supermodel Kate Moss was photographed sipping champagne with the likes Rupert Murdoch’s wife Wendi and Dasha Zhukova, the art collecting wife of billionaire Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich.
949	At one point, SWAT team members and U.S. marshals served a search warrant at one location but did not find Scott.
950	A top-down meeting is a waste of time.
951	A total of 65 pounds of marijuana was discovered during the investigation, with a wholesale value of $325,000, Ramsey said.
952	A tragic loss for the bereaved and wishes for the recovery of the boys.
953	A transformation has to be careful, nurtured.
954	At right is Sen. Susan Collins.
955	A trio of papers on the Chelyabinsk fireball was published in the journals Nature and Science this week.
956	A truck carrying nearly 7,000 gallons of hexanes rolled over on I-65 Saturday morning.
957	A truck pulling a boat came along and broke my wildlife-watching reverie.
958	A true health claim specifically says that a food or a component of a food plays a role in the prevention of a certain disease.
959	At some point between running, writing, and starring in her Fox sitcom, The Mindy Project, comedian Mindy Kaling found time to write a heartfelt essay.
960	At stake were gender and class issues, which shaped and defined social relations in both the private and the public sphere.
961	AT&T has said previously that it protects customer information and complies with government requests for records "only to the extent required by law."
962	At that point I didn’t really understand that songwriter was a job description,” he said.
963	At that point, the sale pitch starts, with the caller trying to convince the consumer to download software or let the "technician" remotely access the PC.
964	At that rate, business borrowers have not demanded much money.
965	"At that time, I've got so much cable on the ground, I can't have anyone up here," he said atop the Capitol roof.
966	At the 36th Annual NAACP Image Awards.
967	At the Blue Field on Lynch Street, ELWA United defeated FC Fassell 4-3.
968	At the core of the six powers' concerns is Iran's enrichment of uranium to 20 percent fissile purity, a level that closes an important technological gap en route to making weapons-grade material.
969	At the Enam Medical College Hospital, dozens of workers are recovering from multiple amputations.
970	"At the end of the day, the reason we're all here is because of him, so I know he'll get back in it and make it up to us."
971	At the official opening of the expo at Safari Hotel, the Minister of Mines and Energy Isak Katali said the event was a great occasion to recognize how much the mining industry contributes to the economy.
972	At the same time, deposits had grown to Rwf866.4billion by end of March 2013 from Rwf775billion in the same period of 2012.
973	At the same time, production increased more slowly than in July, and factories added jobs at a weaker rate.
974	‘‘At the same time, we’ve got to have that mentality where we’re starting from the ground up, starting over.
975	At the scene of the blast were officials of the Police Anti-bomb Squad who tried to determine through their equipment the probability of another buried device.
976	"At the start of this project, we said that we would donate $25,000 and gave a challenge for someone to match that, and when it was matched, we gave another $25,000."
977	At the time, a DEP spokeswoman claimed that the missed deadline was an accident, "something that was lost sight of during the transition of leadership" in the department.
978	At the time the video was released, in May, we rang him and he confirmed to us that he had indeed taken a ritual bite (of a piece of lung, he said).
979	"At the top of this year's table we once again see Australia and Norway.
980	At the trial, Jeffrey M. Reynolds, a forensic pathologist for the prosecution, and Latah County Coroner Catherine M. Mabbutt determined the cause of death for Sarah Parks was suffocation or strangulation, according to court records.
981	At the two villages on the island, connected by stairs, quaint guesthouses serve freshly caught fish and island wine harvested in the sand.
982	At the under-eight radio timeout, the Herd was outshooting the Bulldogs 46.2 percent to 33.3 percent, owned a 38-37 edge in rebounding and had forced 18 turnovers, 12 on steals.
983	At the very least, show your humanity – there’s a reason politicians often show photos of themselves surrounded by family and pets.
984	At this time in President Bush's second term, the Senate had confirmed only five.
985	Attorney General Eric Holder stands between singer/songwriter Melissa Etheridge and Sen. Tammy Baldwin, the first openly gay senator, as she addresses the Justice Department's LGBT Pride Month event at the Justice Department.
986	Attorneys for Bulger declined to speak on his behalf at the two-day sentencing hearing, saying their client had instructed them not to participate in a proceeding he viewed as "a sham."
987	Attorney: You approved every single one of them didn't you?
988	Attribute that to his latest injury — a bad back, which he said was caused by a soft hotel mattress last week at The Barclays.
989	AT&T teamed up with IBM late in 2012 for a similar initiative.
990	At wide receiver, USC's Marquis Lee seemed to be a surefire Heisman finalist before the season began, but had knee problems and has just 604 receiving yards, tied for No. 118 nationally.
991	A two-time All-Big Sky first-team selection, Minter opened a lot of eyes at the NFL’s super-regional combine in Dallas, and getting drafted late became a real possibility.
992	A two-year-old boy was killed when an SUV jumped a curb and crashed through a dining patio in southwest Edmonton Sunday.
993	A typhoon survivor stands amid morning cooking smoke on the roadside in typhoon-ravaged Palo township Wednesday, Nov. 27, 2013, Leyte province in central Philippines.
994	Audet said he expects the industry to find ways to integrate video-streaming services such as Netflix into their offerings.
995	AUGUSTA — The Maine Board of Corrections didn't act today on Franklin County officials' request to make the county jail once again fully operational.
996	AUGUSTA — The man charged with murder in the Nov. 21 death of Thomas Namer agreed to be held without bail Thursday, and a judge ordered a mental evaluation during a brief hearing in Kennebec County Superior Court.
997	Augusto Tomás stated that of the 54 African countries, 38 are situated on the cost or are insular, with a coastline of about 26,000 miles.
998	A unilateral cease-fire by Colombia's main leftist rebel group that ended at midnight Sunday was deemed largely successful by analysts, who say it showed that divisions in the insurgency's ranks are relatively minor.
999	AURORA, Colo. (AP) — Parents, siblings and survivors of those slain in the Aurora theater massacre exactly one year ago have held a ceremony of prayer, song and remembrance.
1000	AUSTIN -- At Austin's airport Friday morning, dozens of World War II veterans anxiously awaited an honor flight to the nation's capital.
1001	Austin Yanora popped two treys in the period, and two foul shots from Adam Billings boosted Tunkhannock’s lead to 31-18 as the clock dropped under the three-minute mark in the first half.
1002	Austria, Italy, France etc. to give all German drivers a free pass for using their roads?
1003	Authorities did not immediately release the names of the deputy prosecutor and her husband in connection with Monday night's shooting.
1004	Authorities on a tour through the region Monday discovered a second "very similar" landslide nearby that left eight dead.
1005	Authorities said the road will be closed to traffic through the morning.
1006	Authorities said they had not yet questioned Ariel Castro, 52, or his brothers Pedro, 54, and Onil, 50.
1007	Authorities say the boy was reported missing about an hour earlier.
1008	Authorities say they have information that a fifth similar letter was sent to the Central Intelligence Agency, but that letter has not been located.
1009	Authorities say they weren't able to charge him until after he returned from Afghanistan to Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma, Wash., where he's a private in a field artillery unit with the 3rd Stryker Brigade Combat Team of the 2nd Infantry Division.
1010	Authorities were alerted about 7:20 a.m. that a 27-year-old victim had been crushed by the boulder while attempting to clear a different boulder off the Mount Elden Lookout Road.
1011	Author Tom Wolfe's "go to hell pants" epitomized the brazen use of seersucker in this fashion movement.
1012	Automatic firearms have been severely restricted from civilian ownership since 1934," according to the National Shooting Sports Foundation website.
1013	Auto sales are estimated to have risen to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 15.7 million to 15.9 million in November, from 15.2 million in October, according to Elaine Kwei, an analyst at Jefferies.
1014	Auto sales will likely rise nearly 7 percent in 2013 over last year to 15.3 million, according to the Polk research firm.
1015	Available in six beautiful brown shades, Pretty Toes ranges from the lightest brown to the deepest chocolate.
1016	Avan had gestured toward his mother and explained to officers that they were participating in a peaceful demonstration, that the Inglewood mayor knew about it, and that they only wanted to get to city hall, a mile and a half down the road.
1017	Averick Nickson was arrested at his Memphis home after he was indicted by a federal grand jury for impersonating a U.S. Marshal.
1018	A versatile 6-foot-4, 270-pound defensive end, Nkemdiche has also showed skills as a running back at Grayson High School.
1019	A veto would delay work until the Legislature can take them up again next year.
1020	AVILA/LEITCH Chavez Sergio Alejandro, Tacoma, with Tanya Magdalene, Portland, Ore.
1021	A visit from Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife Regional Director Steve Pozzanghera had many people asking a range of questions.
1022	Avoid a controversy, if possible.
1023	Award-winning works from the Nikon Photo Contest 2012-2013 will be exhibited as indicated below.
1024	A weekend tweet from the Nobel committee, saying that organisations as well as individuals were eligible, had stirred up expectations.
1025	A week later, they accomplished a rare feat in the semifinals, beating Magnolia 10-7 in New Martinsville on a last-second field goal by Zach Wamsley.
1026	A well-fed child with measles can take that infection anywhere, including to more resource-poor parts of the world where children live unprotected by vaccines.
1027	A. What's funny is the X-Men's fans' reaction to things is much, much different than they are for Spider-Man and the Avengers.
1028	A window opens with the notice “ZOOM (100%).”
1029	A Winnipeg woman who snapped photos of two city workers sleeping by their mowers is upset taxpayers could be paying for their midday nap. more »
1030	A witness told police the driver of the Pontiac ran into a house in the 4200 block of West Evans.
1031	A woman's chances of being killed by her abuser increase more than seven times if he has access to a gun.
1032	A woman who had escaped from the house told officers that shots had been fired and “that she observed three people inside the home who appeared lifeless as she was leaving,” according to a statement released by the police Saturday afternoon.
1033	A woman who said she was Davis' sister leaned forward during the hearing and fought back tears, but she declined to comment after the hearing.
1034	A working condition fringe benefit is assistance that an employer gives to employees expressly for the purpose of making them better able to do their jobs.
1035	A world wide pandemic is needed to mitigate anthropogenic carbon emissions.
1036	Axl & Co. (no, not the original lineup) will be joining Kanye West and Kings of Leon in the headlining slots.
1037	A year ago, we were 8-5.
1038	A year later, Griffin won the Heisman Trophy while the Bears capped their first 10-win season since Mike Singletary was a linebacker at the school 31 years earlier with a win over Washington in the Alamo Bowl.
1039	A Zambia where blood will spill and shall be drunk by him and his lieutenants at State House - those wizards freaking out at the sight of bald-heads.
1040	Backed by broad resources, industry knowledge and technical expertise, AON professionals help a wide range of clients develop effective risk management and workforce productivity solutions.
1041	BACKGROUND: A controversial, outside review of the police department was published in 2001.
1042	Back in 2003, he put that program on pause to pave the way for talks with the West.
1043	Back in December 2000, District Judge Joseph Straub had a strong message in mind when he sentenced Heidi Watkins to 50 years in prison for child endangerment related to the death of her 2-year-old daughter, Shelby Duis.
1044	Back then, only about 3 percent of the population was subject to the income tax.
1045	Back to my patient.
1046	Backyard Farms spokesman Mike Aalto said Friday that 60 to 70 workers who were furloughed because of the white fly infestation will be back at work next week.
1047	Bacterial levels in Wright's Creek from the near-capacity East Royalty sewage lagoon don't concern P.E.I.'s health officials. more »
1048	Badiola said he planned to check his files against documents related to the Fuentes case.
1049	Bakersfield police arrested an Arvin Animal Control officer.
1050	Bakradze's clear margin over the other 21 candidates for president should help Saakashvili's party maintain political influence.
1051	Balci was helped up by strangers who took him over to his wife.
1052	@baldy I'm guessing you have never seen any of the tons of trash, abandoned homeless camps and piles ot tires pulled out of the rivers and brush within the state park, all done at 0 cost to the tax payers.
1053	Bales for the most part spoke in a steady voice as his wife, Kari, and other supporters sat behind him in court.
1054	Baltimore totaled only 15 hits in its previous three games and had gone eight straight games without reaching double digits in hits before getting 11 against Houston starter Jordan Lyles (4-5) and two relievers.
1055	Bana's character is keenly watchful, projecting a confidence that borders on arrogance.
1056	BANGKOK (Reuters) - Anti-government protesters forced their way inside Thailand's Finance Ministry and burst through the gates of the Foreign Ministry compound on Monday, in an escalating bid to overthrow Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
1057	"Banks will have the opportunity to invest this money, but under the regulation, we (as URBRA) shall have a say on how this money will be invested," Kasirye said.
1058	Barbara was preceded in death by a sister, Jennifer Bourland Gray.
1059	Barely a day after that announcement, the first single has already dropped.
1060	Bar manager Adam Bernbach says he'd played around with a pistachio soda for a sherry cocktail, but the idea didn't quite come together.
1061	Barnes made his third start of the season in Curry's absence, with Iguodala moving over to be Golden State's offensive playmaker.
1062	Barrick shares, which have fallen 46 percent in the last 12 months, closed up less than 1 percent at C$19.07 on the Toronto Stock Exchange on Friday.
1063	Barry Avery is a Principal Lecturer in Informatics and Operations at Kingston University.
1064	BART board members will also discuss the district's 2014 fiscal year budget.
1065	Bartholomew Granger, 42, was angry at his daughter and her mother about testimony against him in a sexual assault trial, Ed Shettle, a Jefferson County assistant district attorney, told jurors in his opening remarks.
1066	Bashir, the current leader of Sudan, was indicted at the Hague.
1067	Bass nursery zones were a step in the right direction but allowing trawling at places like Kingsmere Rocks whilst the Bream spawn there is madness.
1068	Batchelor's pro-immigration remarks were echoed by former Marks & Spencer chief executive Sir Stuart Rose, who told Sky News that it was not the fault of Bulgarians or Romanians that they were willing to work for less money than British citizens.
1069	Bayern's defence was to blame for the home side's opening goal when it failed to deal with Sven Bender's header and reserve goalkeeper Tom Starke could only parry the ball away, allowing Reus to score with a header.
1070	BBC America, which broadcasts “Doctor Who” in the United States, said in a news release that Prince Charles and Camilla traveled to the Roath Lock studios in Cardiff Bay, where the show is filmed, to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the series.
1071	B.C. Liberal leader Christy Clark and her son Hamish Marrisen-Clark, 11, share a laugh as they watch the results come in on television of the British Columbia provincial election in Vancouver, B.C. Tuesday, May 14, 2013.
1072	Bear bile is used in some traditional remedies in the region.
1073	“Be careful, because you have your pen and we have our guns.
1074	Because doctors certainly do know better about infant health today than rabbis did thousands of years ago—they know that there are new advanced diseases that are spread from contact between a herpes-ridden mohel's mouth and an infant baby's penis.
1075	"Because I think it could happen."
1076	Because men totally aren't allowed to have an opinion.
1077	Because Namibia is part of the Southern African Customs Union (Sacu) it means that chicken imported from outside the customs union will also be subject to the proposed new levies.
1078	Because of its easily accessible location, the new office will be convenient for our clients in both commercial and private banking"
1079	Because of the continuing tug of war, NASA will have to keep maintaining Launch Complex 39A past Oct. 1 rather than ceding that responsibility to the private sector — and taxpayers will have to foot the bill, to the tune of an estimated $100,000 a month.
1080	“Because of them, I am more eager to go on a date with my partner, celebrate something, go do something ‘special’ and I bet others will too.
1081	Because one house had bad wiring, LIPA screwed up?
1082	Because SkyJack works by targeting public MAC addresses, the setup could conceivably be used to hack into other types of drones or connected devices as well, simply by changing its parameters to search for those MAC addresses.
1083	Because the pace of change in technology, social and global development means anyone who thinks they have all the answers can be sure of only one thing: they're wrong.
1084	Before boarding a plane to the U.S., Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the purpose of his trip was to "tell the truth in the face of the sweet-talk and the onslaught of smiles," a reference to Iran's recent diplomatic overtures to the West.
1085	"Before Elbegdorj, nobody dared touch these corrupt officials protected by their party leaders," said retired Ulan Bator accountant Tungalag Tsedevdorj, a supporter of the president.
1086	Before everyone settled in to watch Saturday’s NFL playoff games, one of the most tiresome questions of modern sports emerged from its annual hibernation on Twitter: To rush the court, or to not rush the court?
1087	Before her transplant surgery, Sarah, who suffers from cystic fibrosis, was put in a medically induced coma to allow her body to rest.
1088	Before his announcement, "people" were always saying he was too old.
1089	"Before I begin, I know some of you have noticed that I'm dressed a little differently from the other gentlemen.
1090	Before the game, fans partied as if it were a playoff game.
1091	Before the Nexus 7, I found it difficult to strongly recommend a 7-inch tablet.
1092	Before the storm, the Brown kids were your usual fighting siblings, but the incident brought them closer together.
1093	Begin investigating other health insurance options immediately by talking to colleagues, business owners and anyone who is unemployed to learn what health insurance options they're using.
1094	Beginning with FDR's New Deal, generations of lawmakers have constructed an edifice of federal programs that promised to care for us in ways that were viable only so long as the demographics of postwar America remained unchanged.
1095	Behavior has meaning folks.
1096	Behind these t..
1097	Behind this plethora of depressing statistics is, as always, the depressing reality.
1098	Beijing (AFP) - China's top legislative committee is set to formalise landmark reforms to unpopular decades-old policies including abolishing "re-education through labour" camps and increasing exceptions to the one-child limit.
1099	BEIJING (Reuters) - The United States country risks its own security by refusing to trust even its own friends and spying on its allies, China's official Xinhua news agency said on Friday, labeling the latest revelations heart-stoppingly fascinating.
1100	"Being able to capitalize on current events or in-game moments to create content is vital.
1101	Being able to pivot and adapt may become the key to your longevity and eventual success.
1102	Being a parent is hard.
1103	“Being on this side of the coin is so enlightening, you just don't imagine what people go through,” she said.
1104	Being undefeated, that means your team is winning," Scherzer said.
1105	Being young, gullible and a government employee, he defended our President as having “inherited a mess.”
1106	BELFAST — A Maine woman authorities say was passed out drunk when the family dog mauled her infant daughter to death has been sentenced to three months in jail.
1107	Belgium's royal family has been involved in several financial scandals over the past few years and its standing when it comes to money matters has been undermined.
1108	Bellavance testified in his own defense, saying he and MacIntyre were "friends with benefits," hanging out together and having occasional, casual sex.
1109	Bell died of an apparent heart attack Monday, a week after working the NL playoff series between the Pittsburgh Pirates and St. Louis Cardinals.
1110	Benedict will live in an apartment within the castle, the oldest parts of which date back to the 13th century.
1111	Ben Smith had four hits for Central Maine, and Nale had a pair of hits.
1112	Bergevin spoke to agent Don Meehan on Monday and "we will start the process of getting him signed as soon as possible.
1113	Berglund's team-leading 12th goal came 1:12 into overtime after Sobotka scored twice in the third to erase the Blues' 3-1 deficit.
1114	BERLIN (AP) — German authorities ordered several villages to be evacuated and have shut one of the country's main railway routes after the swollen Elbe river breached a levee in eastern Germany.
1115	BERLIN, April 23 (Reuters) - Borussia Dortmund midfielder Mario Goetze has agreed to join Bundesliga rivals Bayern Munich next season, according to a report in Bild newspaper.
1116	Berlusconi launched his familiar attack on Monti's tax hikes and on Merkel, accusing the German conservative leader of damaging the whole of Europe with austerity policies.
1117	Berlusconi's bloc is generally considered open to him.
1118	Berlusconi was forced to resign in 2011 by Italy's debt crisis.
1119	"Bernanke's been decisive when other policy makers have been inept, indecisive and dysfunctional.
1120	Bernanke's remarks suggested that three factors had led him to the balance he struck Wednesday: The unemployment rate can be misleading.
1121	Bernard graduated from Florida A&M University in 1967, and a few years later he became one of the first black employees of Xerox Corp. Twenty years later, he retired as a senior executive, one of more than 10,000 African Americans at the company.
1122	Bernheim also reached out to gay Jews, according to Conservative Rabbi Yeshaya Dalsace, who leads a synagogue in eastern Paris.
1123	Berry has been told the cancer is contained to the left side of his neck and has not spread anywhere else.
1124	Berryville finished the season with a 22-2 overall record, the most wins in a single season in the history of the program.
1125	Berti’s road to the Boston marathon started just a couple months ago, when he decided to run with Champions4Children, a charity that helps kids with rare or undiagnosed disorders and their families.
1126	Beryl Wajsman, president of the Institute for Public Affairs of Montreal, said the PQ has taken its plans too far.
1127	Be secure with the knowledge that the autumn rains will soon return to green up a summer dormant lawn soon.
1128	Besides the latest nuclear test, North Korea tested a long-range missile in December last year and has stepped up its rhetoric against the US and South Korea.
1129	Best way to balance that budget is retire some of that debt & demand that gov't workers be partly responsible for their own retirement.
1130	“Best wishes, everybody hoping for the best”
1131	Better in some respects, not as good in others.
1132	'Better off this way'
1133	Better they suggest he dream bigger, but that would be another movie — probably on another network.
1134	Between censuses, annual population estimates are made by taking the numbers from the last census (which are, in part, estimates), and applying mortality tables, information from registered deaths and immigration data.
1135	Beverley and her husband were ardent supporters of both the arts and education through the family’s Legacy Foundation, and in other philanthropic efforts.
1136	Beyonce family talk: Blue Ivy 'needs some company'
1137	Beyonce, honorary chairwoman, arrives at the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute Gala benefit in honor of the museum’s latest exhibit, “Punk: Chaos to Couture.”
1138	Beyond that, Bargnani further torpedoed the Raptors’ efforts to trade him with an unfortunately timed mid-season injury.
1139	Biden is more intelligent than santorum, cruz and trump put togather.
1140	BID Executive Director Michael Fabrizio said the Redevelopment Plan would basically describe what development can occur along the Wanaque River.
1141	Bids for high profile companies, such as Sprint (S, Fortune 500), Heinz and Dell (DELL, Fortune 500), suggest the process is already underway.
1142	Big contracts, as the Red Sox know, limit roster flexibility.
1143	Big free agency almost never works.
1144	Bike rider Susan Rinschler said the rain didn't put a damper on her plans for a good time.
1145	Biko, whose funeral was attended by thousands of mourners and turned into a protest rally, is hailed as a martyr of the anti-apartheid struggle and an international symbol of black resistance.
1146	Bill is way off.
1147	Bills practiced fully on Monday while Williams saw limited participation.
1148	Billy Dee Williams showed up on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' to pitch a few 'Star Wars' ideas.
1149	Bingham will face world number one Neil Robertson in the semi-final after the Australian beat Stephen Maguire 6-2.
1150	"Birth and death certificates are only as good as the information that is entered," Ritch says.
1151	BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) — When George Loegering saw a large spinning circle of ice in the Sheyenne River while out hunting with relatives, the retired engineer couldn't believe his eyes.
1152	BitAngels is a group of investors based around the country with the aim to help fund, manage, and mentor bitcoin startups.
1153	Black Bloc members smash windows at the NikeTown store in downtown Seattle.
1154	Blackley, who was 1-1 with a 4.89 ERA in 42 relief appearances for the Astros this season, was assigned to Triple-A Round Rock.
1155	Blackouts occur when programmers and operators cannot reach an agreement before their programming contract expires, making networks unavailable for consumers to watch.
1156	Blaze Bioscience has raised $9 million to further its clinical development of its first product designed to illuminate cancer cells during surgery.
1157	''Blended with the guys they had last year, with that extra year of experience, this definitely should be a tournament team.'
1158	Blinken said the proposal comes in the "context of U.S. action and the pressure the president is exerting."
1159	BLM officials are confident with the recovery plan, and look forward to seeing the fruits of their labor down the line.
1160	Bloodoff, a left wing, has appeared in eight games with the Pirates this season, registering a plus-minus rating of minus-1 to go with two penalty minutes.
1161	Bloomberg's group announced plans Friday for more ads next week in seven states, including Landrieu's Louisiana and North Dakota, home to freshman Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp.
1162	“Blue Caprice”: Maybe the star, the still-controversial Isaiah Washington, kept this Tacoma-set film from the sort of attention it merited.
1163	BMO also said that some of the cuts were the result of reduction in part-time work that fluctuates depending on the seasonal highs and lows of the financial and banking industries.
1164	Bob Geldof KBE, activist and musician, said: “Personally I believe we are in a very fraught time now, all generations fail, but my generation, disgracefully, has failed more than others.
1165	Boehner has pointedly refrained from endorsing the agreement, though he's promised a vote on it or on a Republican alternative right away.
1166	Boehner having taking the House off until Wednesday reminds me of Nero playing music as Rome burns.
1167	Boeing announced the postponement of the airplane's first flight due to a need to reinforce part of the plane's body.
1168	Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO Ray Conner and the vice president in charge of 787 systems, Mike Sinnett, outlined the technical details of the solution in the homeland of the plane’s two biggest current operators.
1169	BOISE --Hundreds of Idaho's National guardsmen and women will start their ordered furloughs this week.
1170	BOISE, Idaho (KBOI) -- Police are trying to figure out who stole an ATM from a local carwash early Tuesday morning.
1171	Bolden called that the "bottom-line" figure, warning that any cuts would mean delays.
1172	Bollywood star Shahrukh Khan is a part owner of the Kolkata Knight Riders, which won the IPL in 2012.
1173	Bologna forward Alberto Gilardino then made it 1-1 in the 17th but Pablo Osvaldo restored Roma's lead a minute later.
1174	Bond furthers many of Cole's points stating "whoever thinks that black empowerment threatens their own power should confront their own racism."
1175	Booth spaces are just $5.00 and can be reserved by calling 806-898-0969.
1176	Bordeaux (AFP) - Rescue teams scoured the Dordogne river in southwestern France Saturday after a helicopter carrying a Chinese tea tycoon overflying his newly-purchased vineyard went down.
1177	Born Dec. 24, 1897, Okubo held her title for less than a month following the death of Dina Manfredini of the US.
1178	Born in 1947, lucky enough to have worked all my adult life and to never have needed unemployment benefit or other welfare payouts.
1179	Bororo Indians perform a traditional ritual during the 12th Indigenous Games in Cuiaba, Brazil, Thur …
1180	Bosco said the incident forced the temporary closing of the airport, with one runway coming back into service around 7 p.m. It was hoped both runways would be open Tuesday morning.
1181	Bossangoa, Central African Republic (CNN) -- Months after a coup escalated chaos and violence in the Central African Republic, a French military operation has begun in the capital, Bangui, France's Defense Minister said Friday.
1182	BOSTON (AP) — Businessman John Henry, the principal owner of the Boston Red Sox, has entered into an agreement to buy The Boston Globe.
1183	Boston fans had barely started taunting Curry with an "air-ball!" chant before Jordan Crawford hit a fadeaway jumper to put the Celtics up 75-66.
1184	Boston is shut out for the first time in 72 games, and is winless in its last eight home games with Colorado.
1185	Boston’s Jon Lester pitched eight dominant innings to steer the Red Sox to a 5-1 win over New York.
1186	Boston's longest-serving mayor, Thomas Menino, says he does not plan to seek re-election for an unprecedented sixth term.
1187	Boswell said her uncle was commended as a bridge-builder between the white and black communities.
1188	Both are from Andhra Pradesh.
1189	Both blame the corporate elites for all of their problems..
1190	Both BRAC and Bridge are large and getting larger.
1191	Both derive at least 32 percent of their sales from Europe.
1192	Both dugouts were warned by plate umpire Bob Davidson, after Cueto threw over David DeJesus' head in the sixth inning.
1193	Both entrants were awarded free pizza for one year.
1194	Both gun control and immigration "will end up generating some opposition," the president said.
1195	Both had "severely dark-bruised ligature marks around their necks," charging papers said.
1196	"Both leaders agreed on the value of regular high-level engagement to expand co-operation and co-ordination," a White House statement said.
1197	Both mean, really, that the other guy is so pessimistic about government action that, in power, he won’t actually do anything.
1198	Both Netanyahu and Abbas are due to meet Kerry separately in Europe in the coming week to discuss the negotiations.
1199	Both sides have said that it makes no sense to hold polls with outdated laws.
1200	Both sides have so far partially agreed on land reform and on a political future for the left-wing group if a peace deal is reached.
1201	Both sides will then make closing statements before the panel begins deliberation.
1202	"Both teams desperately wanted a win."
1203	Both teams had trouble cashing in on their scoring chances.
1204	Both teams started their aces, so Sammamish will see someone other than the opponent’s best.
1205	Both the officer and the driver of the Saturn were transported to local hospitals for what police described as precautionary measures.
1206	Both The Reserve Tasting and the International Grand Tasting will be staged in the Irving Convention Center at Las Colinas.
1207	Both the Tories and Labour have several reasons to be troubled by the Ukip surge – and one to be grateful for it, writes Andrew Rawnsley.
1208	Both Toshiba and Samsung's laptops are more expensive than the $1,299 Pro though, with Samsung’s ATIV Book 9 Plus costing slightly more at $1,399 and Toshiba’s Kirabook coming in much higher at $1,599.
1209	Both transplants to Eugene via California, Jackie and Jason connected under a mutual love for the music of the '50s and '60s.
1210	Bouchard's car, which was heading south, crossed the median and hit a WCSH-TV van in the northbound lane operated by Channel 6 photojournalist Aaron Twombly and reporter Susan Kimball.
1211	Bowlsby said the BCS commissioners haven't spoken more seriously about seceding because it might not be perceived as a legitimate threat.
1212	Bowman, who founded a group called Union Conservatives, said he is leaning toward ending his membership in the United Auto Workers - of which he has been a member since 1996 - unless it drops its "political agenda."
1213	Boxing great Muhammad Ali saluted the legacy of Nelson Mandela, saying the revered freedom fighter “taught us forgiveness on a grand scale.'
1214	Boyd threw for 340 yards and four touchdowns Thursday night to break Philip Rivers' Atlantic Coast Conference career record in No. 6 Clemson's 55-31 victory against Georgia Tech.
1215	Bozize said that if the rebels come with something positive to say, he is prepared to hear it.
1216	Brandon and Viviana Gunn are held at the Kitsap County Jail on $500,000 bail.
1217	Braves lefty Mike Minor (11-5, 2.75) faces Nationals right-hander Stephen Strasburg (5-9, 3.04) at 7:05 Monday when the teams begin a three-game series in Washington.
1218	Brees connected with newly-acquired Robert Meachem for his other touchdown pass, and the signal caller scampered up the middle for a rushing score as well.
1219	Bremson, operations chief of the Central Arizona Mountain Rescue Association, doesn't mind doing rescues.
1220	Brendan Steele of the U.S. hits his approach shot on the ninth fairway during the first round at the …
1221	Brent crude steadied around $110 a barrel as the upbeat data from China and the euro zone kindled hopes for better demand from two of the world's largest energy consumers, and as oil exports from Libya stayed limited by strikes and unrest.
1222	Brew at the Zoo: Tonight marks the 3rd Annual Brew at the LA Zoo, where from 6-10 p.m. there'll be an overload of California craft beer, delicious food, and cuddly animals.
1223	Brian Alvarez, who saw the wreckage, described the scene as "pretty graphic."
1224	Brian Benoit, a friend of the teen, said he doubts the young man would have been able to push the 15-foot vessel into the water by himself.
1225	Brian Cooper of the Canada Day on the LaHave committee.
1226	Brian, is the story you posted above the real account of events or is it the version you are saying is an inaccurate one?
1227	Brig. Muhoozi Kaneirugaba, president Museveni's son, is allegedly being groomed to succeed his father when the latter bows out.
1228	Bring homemade vegetables, a tray of sandwiches or cut-up fruit.
1229	Bring up the topic of welfare and immediately you're besieged by people who have the ten-kids-and-counting welfare mom stereotype in their heads.
1230	British lawmakers currently receive 66,000 pounds ($99,000), less than many of their peers.
1231	Briton Kieron Bryan, a Greenpeace International commissioned freelance videographer, is led to a bail …
1232	Brooks said the fire truck was manufactured by the McCann Fire Truck Co. in Portland and purchased by the city of Bangor when it was built.
1233	Brother Mullins has served Little River Missionary Baptist church since November.
1234	Brown took the job after the Panthers managed just one win during the 2011 season.
1235	Bruce Dern, who's garnered Oscar buzz for 'Nebraska,' is photographed in New York City on Nov. 6, 2013.
1236	Bruins veterans Wade Redden and Andrew Ference did not suit up on Monday with undisclosed injuries.
1237	Brush with oil on one side.
1238	BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union diplomats approved new anti-tobacco legislation on Wednesday, including larger health warnings on cigarette packets and the bloc's first ever rules on electronic cigarettes.
1239	Bryant tied Utah Hall of Famer Karl Malone with his 11th first-team nod.
1240	BTW, I'm a government worker.
1241	Bucks in velvet are a common sight as June rolls into July.
1242	Budar says he expects actual plans and prices to be up within the month, once they're approved by insurers.
1243	Buddy Hield and Ryan Spangler scored 13 for the Sooners while Tyler Neal and Je'lon Hornbeak each added 12.
1244	Buffalo Bills defensive end Mario Williams is suing his former fiancee in hopes of getting the $785,000 engagement ring back.
1245	Building such high towers near the lake would be worse than that multi-story visual hem..
1246	Bulgaria now has its own symbol of resistance: Plamen Goranow.
1247	Bulgarian police patrol German streets 30.10.
1248	Bulgarian wrestling coach and two-time Olympic champion Armen Nazaryan has started a hunger strike to protest the sport being dumped from the 2020 Olympics, the country’s wrestling federation said yesterday.
1249	Bulger is charged in the deaths of 19 people during the nearly two decades that prosecutors say he was the head of the Irish mob in Boston.
1250	Bullock has her own plans to team with McCarthy again, even if they don't involve suiting up for "The Heat 2." The actress told TheWrap that she enjoys organizing gatherings with her son Louis and McCarthy's daughters Vivian and Georgette.
1251	Burial will be in the Belmond Cemetery.
1252	Burial will follow in the Puxico Cemetery in Puxico.
1253	Burke says he did not grieve the re-assessment; it just finalized his decision to close.
1254	Burns’ film explores the political and family ties between President Theodore Roosevelt and Franklin Roosevelt and his wife, Eleanor.
1255	Burns told the Lincoln Journal the county board's only action was "sweeping the whole thing under the carpet."
1256	Burr asked for unanimous consent to pass a bill that he said was similar to Obama's proposal.
1257	@burton@jowsuf A 14 year old and a 9 year old?
1258	Burton was shot dead in Portmore, St Catherine, in July 2011.
1259	Bush had three tries from the 1-yard line, including one that was challenged, in the first quarter.
1260	Business Financial Consultants, Dearborn, Mich.
1261	Business school students still learn about it as a case study in hubris and magical thinking.
1262	Bustamante had endeared himself to the masses by protestations on their behalf, using varied and voluminous letters to the newspapers, street-corner meetings, and personal appearances wherever and whenever there were labour troubles and discontent.
1263	But according to the city’s website, changes in federal regulations created a “moving target” and delayed the program.
1264	But a few millionaires are definitely coming from within Tumblr’s ranks as well.
1265	But after finishing at the UW in 1975, Reed “went straight to New York.
1266	"But again, this will not have an effect on our overall campaign.
1267	But amid Egypt's mounting problems, support for the the 85-year-old Islamic fundamentalist group is dwindling.
1268	But a picture of the soldier showed he was a first sergeant.
1269	But are you qualified?
1270	But a rift with an enigmatic U.S.-based Islamic preacher, whose quiet influence in the police, secret services and judiciary looms large over the Turkish state, threatens to shake his hold on power ahead of elections next year.
1271	But around here, you could be looking at anywhere from $50 to $300 an hour, Brouwer says.
1272	But as a couple of wise blokes named Mick Jagger and Keith Richards once wrote, you can't always get what you want.
1273	But a surprise Islamist advance two weeks ago and a distress call from Mali’s interim president saw French troops speed to Mali instead.
1274	"But at that time, I didn't know the details mentioned above," he said, according to the court.
1275	But at the same time, we'll see Wednesday (in Game 2)."
1276	But backers of the measure are worried about more than lobbying.
1277	But Bellevue blew it open with touchdowns on its next three possessions – two by Sam Richmond and another by Haehl – to take a 35-7 lead at the half.
1278	But Berlusconi himself said on Sunday, that he and the PDL were not "irresponsible": they had always been clear in underlining that the "government must continue" and they would support it.
1279	But by doing so, you could be making a costly mistake.
1280	But by suing Mr. Corzine first, the directors should get the message that they are bit players at best in Mr. Freeh’s account.
1281	But by Wednesday evening, they had begun taking food again, and all inmates who had been participating in the hunger strike were now taking meals or had otherwise started "the process of re-feeding," the department said in a statement.
1282	Butch Wilson, Jeremy Johnson, Ray Hayworth and Ken West also received one write-in vote each.
1283	But critics say the pipeline would be a ticking time bomb that would lead to an expansion of environmentally hazardous oil sands development.
1284	But even authorities acknowledge that the vast majority of extortions go unreported — as many as 92 percent according to a survey of crime victims by the National Statistics Institute.
1285	But even before the storm that ravaged the El Reno and Union City, Oklahoma, areas occurred, many questions appeared in the media about storm chasing, or storm observing in the field.
1286	But first thing Wednesday, the baby had a very important visitor: Great-granny the queen, who popped over from Buckingham Palace for a 30-minute look at her new heir.
1287	But for the price I paid for my tickets I could see two or three other shows of equal quality.
1288	But Frontier was never a good fit with Republic's main business of operating regional flights for big airlines such as Delta and United.
1289	But funding construction activities could be a problem for the United States following huge cuts in its defence spending, Cuisia said.
1290	But Goodell said the league would be prepared if there’s snow, ice or low temperatures for the game on Feb. 2, 2014.
1291	But good luck finding someplace with a first-world economy, a well-functioning infrastructure, and a democratically-elected government that doesn’t also have a single-payer, government-run health insurance system.
1292	But Greater Sudbury police Chief Frank Elsner said that was never the intent, and the initiative was meant to give families a much-needed tool to have the unsafe driving talk with their loved ones.
1293	But having to serve was good for many of the draftees who could have ended upin trouble.
1294	But he also expressed hope that SADC will put the pressure on ZANU PF, explaining that "the risk of not implementing what SADC has said is very high and I think the government knows it."
1295	But he committed to staying to the end of Thursday’s final televised debate.
1296	But he did not get on that flight and is believed to have spent the last three weeks marooned in the airport's transit zone.
1297	But he didn't have any water.
1298	But he has been doing that since before their recent woes.
1299	But he has made a number of speeches to Marines, families and other groups.
1300	But he is reading the other team and making crucial adjustments to the game plan.
1301	But he -- like other Ravens -- proved to be too expensive.
1302	"But he made me mad."
1303	But he said there was no guarantee such a deal would emerge.
1304	But he says for any successful investment, one has to take the risk to be able to see the results.
1305	But he's convinced this exhausted country will make it.
1306	But he soon got involved in more serious crimes as a gang war escalated.
1307	But he's pretty much guaranteed at least a key bullpen role, not a bad route for a 22-year-old who never has topped 120 pro innings.
1308	But he's quick to reject the notion that it might be a celebration of ego or hubris.
1309	But he was left with only the clothes he was wearing at the time.
1310	But his efforts were thwarted as the commissioner of the Independent Commission (INDECOM), Terrence Williams, objected to the bail application.
1311	But his goal remains the same, no matter which dugout he manages from — just win.
1312	But his government's monetary policy, nationalisation of key industries and management of public funds have been blamed for high inflation, under-performing industry and shortages of basic supplies.
1313	But his latest note reflects how much his opinion has turned.
1314	But his success — or lack thereof — on the court is all secondary now.
1315	But his work may point to ways that the latter can be more like the former.
1316	But human rights groups and some northern leaders have complained about reprisal attacks by Nigerian security forces that further alienate local populations, making it harder to gain information about Boko Haram.
1317	But Husaini and many other Afghans say they don’t believe nation-building efforts wrought since the Taliban and their Al Qaeda "guests" were forced from power in late 2001 will unravel.
1318	But Ibarra Garcia had no drugs, only a cellphone, three forms of ID and the clothes on his back.
1319	“But I can’t understand why a group of people have to alienate the public as much as they do and put the council’s back up by ignoring the law of the land.
1320	"But I covered them and made sure no one could see them when I was playing.
1321	But I don't focus on that.
1322	But if Malema hoped to carry some radical students with him to his Economic Freedom Fighters venture, their recent statements have made it clear that they're having none of it.
1323	But if the purpose of your call is for me to get in sniping at the Republicans on how they do their business, I will talk about how it affects the American people.
1324	But if the White House is going to anything done (a grand bargain, immigration reform, etc.), it can’t give up because folks in the second camp of House Republicans are out there.
1325	But if those 30 seconds run out before getting another kill, the player explodes.
1326	But if those does are in poor shape, we may see more of them having single fawns, or not producing fawns at all."
1327	But if you had a high enough dose it wouldn't matter, because … a good lethal dose will take you out in less than five minutes."
1328	But I know that when any one of their numbers is called, they can go in and make a play."
1329	But I'm a character, man."
1330	But I'm happy where I'm at.
1331	But in April 1996, 12 years after we had first started dating, Mike said something that wasn't funny at all.
1332	But I never lost faith in my team.
1333	But instead of speaking to MacLean, Wells leaned over to the little girl and addressed her directly, saying, "Ohmygosh!
1334	But in terms of loss of life, road crashes are a far more threatening menace.
1335	But in the 1980s, grades began to slowly rise again.
1336	But in the end they only turned out to have two handmade knives.
1337	But in the process of quarantining Democrats, Republicans effectively purged millions of minority voters from their own districts, and that should raise a warning flag.
1338	But in the same week as a high profile court case against her first love, Miss Ecclestone announced she is soon to become a Mrs. With a man she has apparently been dating for just over a month.
1339	But in the “Trilogy” there was something we’re not used to: a special tone, a combination of happy aggression with fear and sorrow.
1340	But in this sense, I think being scared is a good thing!
1341	But in year two, improvement in that same playoff setting wasn't apparent.
1342	But it also cited fallout from the 16-day partial closure of the federal government, which might have delayed some sales.
1343	But it barely touched the symptoms and Kelcee was shelved as a working dog.
1344	But it doesn't seem to tighten the turning circle, which is a wide 40.5 feet in diameter.
1345	But it's a sacrifice one has to make for what one's beliefs are.
1346	But it's been a tough year for local fans.
1347	But it’s really tailored to the rest of Portland, to get folks to visit the area, and for those visiting Portland from afar.
1348	"But it's the adjustments that happen during the game that's going to decide the game," he said.
1349	But it warns that because so many converters were high-performing schools, those that might have needed the extra financial help more had arguably lost out.
1350	But it was getting colder and mountain roads were snow-covered.
1351	But it was the dark shadows of the peaks that enchanted.
1352	But it was the future of global food security that became the lead topic.
1353	But it won't stop the main components of "Obamacare" from going live as scheduled, glitches and all.
1354	But I was very proud of our kids.
1355	But I will only sell it if the price is right."
1356	But just 95 seconds into UW’s season opener against Seattle University on Sunday, Jarreau went down in a heap, screaming in pain after being fouled on a layup attempt by Isiah Umipig.
1357	But Kelley Blue Book analyst Jack Nerad said Fisker's departure may have "dire" consequences to a possible deal with a strategic investor.
1358	But last week, an Australian navy ship picked up a boat carrying about 100 suspected asylum seekers near the Ashmore Islands, between Australia's northwest coast and the eastern Indonesian island of Rote.
1359	But Lenovo's shipments have held steady or possibly gone up a skoosh.
1360	But lets keep funding the Toronto Housing Authority, thats doing SOOO well.
1361	But Lions assistant coach Rob Howley said North was available for the weekend, adding: "I've not seen him in a better physical shape."
1362	But many gun sales occur outside this context.
1363	But maybe it isn't always Muni's fault.
1364	But mentioning Nelson Mandela's death triggered strong responses from African customers.
1365	But Microsoft’s level of worry over Apple will remain the same.
1366	But Mwamba is a protege of Milt Hinton, a bassist who was one of the pillars of jazz through most of the 20th century.
1367	But no money whirled away in the wind.
1368	But no-one will escape the ferocity of the changes coming.
1369	But now he's going to be playing for Harbaugh on the West Coast, after all.
1370	But now they have taken over their habitat, effectively jellifying the environment.
1371	But often, this knowledge does not translate into the more formal work experiences employers are seeking.
1372	But on big items, there’s an even chance that things will disintegrate and turn into an utter mess when there’s not even a singular force to fight against.
1373	But once you know that there is an offence and a defence, and that you have four attempts to move the ball ten yards otherwise the other team gains possession, it is suddenly not too difficult to comprehend.
1374	But one of the most memorable aspects of that famously ugly mayoral race was a vile poster that appeared on city streets urging New Yorkers to "Vote for Cuomo, not the homo"—considered one of the worst political dirty tricks in campaign history.
1375	But one things seems to be sure: Readers will have to pay more for quality content.
1376	But only if they think they can trust the guy when the chips are down.
1377	But others say that the media and left-leaning analysts are far too gullible when it comes to North Korea's intentions and seem perpetually willing to blame the West for the bizarre and dangerously militant behavior of a bandit regime.
1378	But Pirazzoli explained that - while he understands this position - everyone, including developing nations, has a role to play.
1379	But playing games on smartphones and tablets, or as an offshoot to online social networks, is gaining ground fast.
1380	But police said the road was open again at about 10 a.m.
1381	But, PRs don't need to be on there.
1382	But Reade said Wasendorf cooperated only after he was caught, and all of his good acts built up his reputation with others' money.
1383	But really, they apparently don't spend much time doing anything useful.
1384	But rested employees are more productive employees, so taking regular vacations may well help the company more than failing to do so."
1385	But Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., insisted that any bill needs a clear path to citizenship to win passage.
1386	But Serna argued prosecutors "have been able to cobble together a semi-believable, made-up story," emphasizing that Levi Chavez was investigated by a number of law enforcement agencies and it still took four years to indict him.
1387	But she later posted a photo on her Instagram page, claiming her new look made her look 'about five'.
1388	But she said sharing what was left of her possessions had an uplifting effect.
1389	But she was in full partisan fervor Saturday, calling Democrats beholden to “union fat cats” and “masters of election fraud as proven in 2004 when they stole the election of Dino Rossi.”
1390	"But somewhere between today's 14 (percent) and that number, I think we will continue to grow."
1391	But Spain is oh-for all the majors since Olazabal's last victory.
1392	But Spencer Hawes responded with a 21-footer 16 seconds later and Holiday helped close it out on a driving dunk with 22.4 seconds on the clock.
1393	But thankfully nowadays with the internet and things like that, it’s kind of hard to deny people.
1394	But that doesn’t explain why more than a dozen students intend to pursue a degree in theater, which arguably has less “value” in the job market.
1395	But that doesn't mean that McDonnell and his family weren't inclined to look at Williams and Star Scientific more favorably because of the financial assistance they were given.
1396	But that is not a knock against any of them."
1397	But that's a distorted view, according to Dirk L. Krausse from Baden-Wurttemberg's state office for historic preservation.
1398	But the 49ers knew the Raiders loved Kaepernick; it'd been in the media before the draft.
1399	But the 787s is still a very safe aircraft to fly."
1400	But the academy said the three laureates developed computer models that "opened a gate between these two worlds."
1401	But the buzz is that its 130 minutes are dry and curiously not involving, and its view of whistleblowers dangerously biased.
1402	But the confirmation of CTE is a blow to the NFL, which is being sued by thousands of former and active players for allegedly failing to inform them of the dangers of concussions and repeated brain trauma.
1403	But the conservative National Action Party, which backed the bill along with the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, still warns that the country should make sure the new energy model is transparent to avoid corruption.
1404	But the contract of carriage is entirely silent about motorcycle helmets.
1405	But the decision could also create a dense legal maze for gay and lesbian married couples, one that would surely lead to more lawsuits that could make their way back to the Supreme Court.
1406	But the defence said Delisle’s harm is “theoretical” because it isn’t exactly known what secrets he leaked, adding that he was ensnared in the arrangement with the Russians and feared retribution if he tried to get out.
1407	But the father’s life had not gone as planned either.
1408	But the first priority for the Oklahoma food banks, which are part of the Feeding America network, has to be acquiring and distributing food.
1409	But the gin was not to blame; normal life circumstances were — and so were the lingering effects of having seen William Hogarth’s “Gin Lane.”
1410	But the idea that you create rights for yourself violating a law is unfathomable.
1411	“But the important needs, from the cost perspective and the recipient perspective, take place after the headlines are gone and after the cameras are gone.”
1412	But the introduction of the Sex Crimes Against Girls Law in 1997 led to the separate treatment of sexual contact with a minor from the existing rape law.
1413	But their crusading passion leaves me unmoved even when I agree with much of what they say.
1414	But the more complex the work gets, the less effective they are.
1415	But then, neither does Obamacare.
1416	But the number of asylum seekers is rising sharply and is at its highest in a decade.
1417	But then we were hit by a double strike and we never recovered from it."
1418	But the Premier is by all appearances also running out of time.
1419	But the president was also busy last week apologizing to those Americans who have seen their current plans cancelled.
1420	But the problems are more extensive than the wave of cases indicated.
1421	But the process would have had to start over.
1422	"But the rain will move across to the south-east today where it will be persistent but not as heavy as yesterday in the south-west.
1423	But the reason I keep sticking with this idea of military action is because I believe so strongly that once the genie is out of the bottle for these kinds of weapons, they'll become commonplace, hurtling us toward a brutal new world.
1424	But there have also been concerns that the operators of drones are too far removed from the battlefield to comprehend the seriousness of what they do and that mistakes can be made.
1425	But there is no indication that the missiles would target stockpiles of chemical weapons -- something Hamish de Bretton-Gordon, a former commander of the British military's chemical defense regiment, called "the worst possible option."
1426	But there're several things they need to understand."
1427	But there were demands for action from Mr Juncker's coalition partner, the Socialists (LSAP).
1428	But these are not peaceful times at the Bolshoi.
1429	But these procedures, like CPR, need to be used only when and where appropriate.
1430	But the shots were Sambuca.
1431	But the stagnation also reflects long-term developments.
1432	But the stuff today is so violent, so STUPID, and just plain dumb.
1433	But the substance of the text is as the Americans want it.
1434	But the triple-pot mill is nothing even that new.
1435	But the university subsequently issued a retraction, saying that Hawking's office had confirmed the statement.
1436	But the West Seattle lawyer says that’s going to change next month.
1437	But they are less politically difficult than choosing between either making a public pension payment or public safety payments.”
1438	But they are not alone.
1439	But they have so far failed to carry out such an attack.
1440	"But they received me.
1441	But this doesn't mean that we can't learn to satisfy these desires ourselves.
1442	But this home has always rubbed me wrong, windows are all covered with paper, large flood lights around the house, security cameras near entrances.
1443	But this issue may not be settled before then.
1444	But this one was Hackett all the way, leading 10-3 at the quarter, 22-8 at the half, 45-19 at the third quarter and with the clock running continuously in the fourth quarter finished with a 50-24 win.
1445	But this requires first removing and preparing the tissue for a technique called mass spectrometry, which analyzes the mass and structure of charged molecules.
1446	But those are also, inconveniently for the NDP, issues the Opposition has tried to claim as their own.
1447	But those cuts could have lasting health effects, as a slowdown in funding leads to slowdowns in medical advancements.
1448	But today at least, in Timbuktu, people are celebrating.
1449	But to me, it was a slice of freedom and normalcy.
1450	But to my surprise, most of my own students from last year also passed, with better results than I’ve ever seen before.
1451	But to speed things up, instead of replacing the boilers, a small patch repair was made to reinforce a leaking area.
1452	But trading standards officers said prosecutions were a last resort.
1453	But Twins center fielder Aaron Hicks made a diving snag of the ball, forcing Brendan Ryan to reverse his tracks instead of sprinting around second and likely scoring.
1454	But two weeks after shutting down the restaurant and collecting food samples that ranged from macaroni and cheese to mussel sauce, investigators say they haven't pinpointed a menu item or ingredient that's the likely culprit.
1455	But we have to act fast and take a courageous approach.
1456	But Weir wobbled down the home stretch with bogeys on three of his final four holes.
1457	But we’re certainly off to a good start.
1458	But we should all agree to work together to adapt to these changes, lest we suffer severe economic and social consequences.
1459	"But we waited for this process to continue, for the investigation to be concluded.
1460	"But we went beyond that.
1461	But what about the others?
1462	But what good is talent if players can’t stay on the field or quickly recover from injuries?
1463	But what I am concerned is when the tribal people will live a decent life.
1464	"But what kept me going was the belief that with enough determination and effort, persistence and perseverance, change is always possible.
1465	But when anything happens with the amusement industry or airline industry we hit the front page."
1466	But when his deputy, Wang Lijun, walked into the U.S. consulate in the city of Chengdu in February last year and told American diplomats that Bo's wife, Gu, was an accomplice in a murder case, a glittering political career began to unravel.
1467	But when it patented its discovery, other labs were prevented from providing tests to identify mutated genes.
1468	But when jobless workers stop looking for jobs, they're no longer counted as unemployed.
1469	But when Mr. Hernández began receiving more scripts and requests to use the space than he could accommodate, he thought it was time to organize a festival that showcases the skills of many emerging Mexico City artists thirsting for an outlet.
1470	But when the Open is awarded to Muirfield -- one of three clubs along with Royal St George's and Royal Troon on the Open rotation which still operate men-only membership policies -- there is always intense criticism.
1471	But when Thursday’s game started going the same way, the River Rats turned it around.
1472	But, when we were writing, she kept having to remind me, "I need you to tell me what it was like and how you felt," because I was very matter-of-fact and straightforward.
1473	But when York entered the horse's pen, he got a chilly reception.
1474	But while Boeing is certainly reeling from the latest setbacks to the $32 billion Dreamliner program, the aviation giant should be able to put these latest episodes behind it and resume delivering the planes before too long, several experts told CNET.
1475	But while ostensibly focused on those outdoor pursuits, it also presses issues important mainly to the gun industry, one of its largest contributors.
1476	But with no more leads to follow, we have concluded that the importance of the story justifies publication.”
1477	But without a deal between unions and employers, it will be more exposed to criticism from both sides and unions may influence left-wing lawmakers into watering down any reform.
1478	But without the equivalent of a Zoanette Johnson in their midst, that show doesn't promise to be nearly as interesting as this one was.
1479	But with the overthrow of a sympathetic Muslim Brotherhood government in Egypt tightening the blockade, many Gazans say they have never had it so tough.
1480	But, would someone, anyone, please, other than pork, did he do for Hawaii?
1481	But years earlier, his voice was an instrument of change, both in the locker room and in the board room.
1482	But you’d be hard-pressed to find 10 percent of the fans in the building sitting down when someone’s fighting, even a staged fight.’
1483	But you're part of a league, you're part of the NHL and you're expected to be a good partner and that's what our job is, is we're playing in a situation where they've made it a little bit more difficult for us to qualify for the playoffs.
1484	"But you're taking the MVP of the league (Rodgers) off the team, and then you're taking potentially, year-in and year-out, the defensive MVP of the league off the team in Clay Matthews.
1485	But zoo officials say he'll only get chicken for dinner in his new home.
1486	Buy an AK and don't worry about it.
1487	By 8 a.m. thousands of people were also waiting in security lines that stretched a block to gain access to the spots along the parade route that were accessible to the general public without a special ticket.
1488	Byandala says the PPDA's insistence meant that the sector was stuck with inefficient contractors.
1489	By clicking his tongue and paying close attention to the echo, he can identify trees, buildings and people.
1490	“By completing this plan, we improved our combined readiness posture to allow us to immediately and decisively respond to any North Korean provocation,” a joint statement from the two allies said.
1491	By contrast, Germany found horse DNA in just 3.3 percent of samples, and in the Netherlands the rate was less than 1 percent.
1492	By contrast, the South has the lowest percentage of people with more than five acquaintances from races that don't reflect their own.
1493	By contrast the U.S. economy has been growing steadily since the end of its recession in 2009 and the jobs market has started to improve, with the unemployment rate falling to 7.5 percent in April.
1494	By doing so, they have been able identify about 5,500 individual turtles, as well as locations where many of them made their nests.
1495	``By doing that, people actually want to come out here and compete.
1496	By early September, after Rousseff began speaking out against NSA data collection, that rate had risen to 58 percent.
1497	By Friday (May 24), all three planets will fit into a circle 5 degrees wide, Sky & Telescope officials said.
1498	By her admission, Hines had a shaky freshman state meet, finishing fifth in the 100, eighth in the 200, false-starting in the 100 hurdles and running on a 12th-place 4x400 relay unit.
1499	By June, they had broken up.
1500	“By looking at insurance claims data, we can see which of these systems reduces crashes in the real world,” Rader said.
1501	By measuring the rattling effect a powerful solar eruption had on the Voyager and its instruments, NASA scientists were able to determine the density of the space surrounding the spacecraft.
1502	By pledging to review incentives and exemptions, policymakers are taking on a difficult but essential task, and Maine can’t afford for the task force to give less than its all.
1503	BY SHIMON PERES; Shimon Peres, Prime Minister of Israel, is scheduled to leave that post shortly to become Foreign Minister.
1504	By that point, police had two of the three robbery suspects and the white van they'd been chasing.
1505	"By the end of next year we will no longer have British servicemen or women in a combat role in Afghanistan," he said.
1506	By the hour it was swelling up in size.
1507	By then it was too late, the child was later pronounced dead.
1508	By the time it hits Earth, expected between Saturday and Monday, the Gravity Field and Steady-State Ocean Circulation Explorer, or GOCE for short, will be in fragments, The New York Times reported.
1509	By the time they come to us with symptoms of Alzheimer's disease, they've had the disease for 10 years.
1510	By the time you cough up blood or have trouble breathing, you are probably going to die.”
1511	By the way, WOW.
1512	By the way, you can’t buy any of it from us.’
1513	"By time mi run pass him, mi hear sup'n go 'bow'," she said, imitating the sound of gunfire.
1514	By Tuesday, flames from the so-called Elk Complex fire that erupted last Thursday had engulfed a number of houses and structures in a resort development near Pine that has been blocked by downed trees, Eaker said.
1515	By using that name, South Africans expressed their respect for Mandela as the son of a traditional chief, but mostly it as an endearment, creating a sense of familiarity, like one friend would use another friend's nickname.
1516	By utilizing these websites we can interact more closely with dentists utilizes our services and share upcoming events and promotions," said Ken Etzler of Colonial Dental Lab in Annapolis, MD.
1517	“By wearing this bracelet, the buyer is responsible for this gun coming off the street and never going back on the street … they can proudly say, ‘I am wearing a gun that will never kill someone’s loved one.’
1518	Caesars says it has had people try to get on the roof (as the guys did in the movie to toast with the Strip skyline behind them).
1519	Caesar will be starting her second year at Pennwood High School after she spent one year at Prep Charter High School.
1520	CAIRO (Reuters) - A lawyer representing former Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak denied on Sunday …
1521	Caitlin Utley is a fourth grader and says it's not easy doing push-ups while stacking so you have to have a plan.
1522	CALGARY, Alberta, Oct. 27 (UPI) -- Michael Cammalleri supplied two goals and an assist Saturday, helping send the Calgary Flames to a 5-2 victory over Washington.
1523	CAL: Government does few things well, and your faith in its ability to improve "people's health" is astounding.
1524	Calkins is founding director of the Teachers College Reading and Writing Project housed at Columbia University in New York.
1525	Call admitted the time constraints have been tough, especially with her full-time position with the Power.
1526	Calm the f down people.
1527	CamelPaw357: The bottom line is that Russian babies are good stock.
1528	Cameras found that a person who filed a complaint against a motorcycle patrol officer made the whole story up.
1529	"Cameroon has been in the red-list for a long time", a nutrition expert at UNICEF told Think Africa Press under the condition of anonymity.
1530	Cameroon has taken insufficient measures to uphold the right to health for LGBT people.
1531	Campbell clinched the title with his strong finish on the final lap of the 3,000.
1532	Canada Bread said customers can return the bread to the store where it was purchased for a refund.
1533	Canada ended its Afghanistan mission in 2011.
1534	Canada's ambassador to the UN in Geneva, Elissa Golberg, offered a brief rebuttal to Belarus, but did not engage directly with the other countries that criticized Canada.
1535	Canada's indigenous Inuits, who have traditionally hunted seal for centuries, are exempt from the ban.
1536	Canadian auction houses have said they can’t meet demand for the hides, most of which go to Russia.
1537	Canadian Milos Raonic cruised to the third round of the Barcelona Open on Wednesday with a straight-sets win over Eduardo Roger-Vasselin of France. more »
1538	Canadian Natural Resource Minister Joe Oliver said Friday that Canada will respect the U.S. review process and noted the importance of the pipeline to the Canadian economy.
1539	Can anyone tell me the correct aquifer level?
1540	Cancer cells can differ hugely within a tumour - it helps them develop ways to resist drugs and spread round the body.
1541	Candidates for the House and even the Senate campaign with very little coverage.
1542	Candidates lining up for Florida Gulf Coast.
1543	Can I just ask --
1544	Can one swarm trigger another and vice versa?"
1545	Can Skylar and Xavier convince her to mate with not one, but both of them?
1546	Can't believe Catholics believe a descendent of the first people on Earth is wise enough to be a Pope!
1547	Can the question of who gets blighted ever be disaggregated from the question of who gets stopped and frisked or otherwise threatened out of their own neighborhood?
1548	“Can you play foursquare?” my son asked.
1549	Can you recall the color of your bathing suit, the softness of the sand, or the excitement of your first swim in the ocean?
1550	Can you recommend Wi-Fi printers for an iPad and an Android phone, or apps that will print to one?
1551	Capcom has just revised its projected sales numbers down from what was expected.
1552	Cape Cod is over run with them.
1553	Capitalism, like a force of nature, is wasteful in producing abundance.
1554	Capriles welcomed Chavez back but pointedly said he hoped it would mean a return to order in the government and attention to the daily problems of Venezuelans.
1555	Capriles would be dead if the election was gonna be on the up and up.
1556	Captain Asamoah Gyan and Christain Atsu scored in the first half before defender John Boye sealed victory in the second half.
1557	Captain Eric Janis says, "Traffic safety is one of the priority missions of the state police and we take it very seriously."
1558	Captain Paul Hermes of the Wilmington post of the OSP said Steele is shaken by what happened.
1559	Capt Francesco Schettino is being tried separately.
1560	Carbonite, CrashPlan and Backblaze are three popular offerings, all starting at about $60 yearly.
1561	Cardio tennis combines cardio interval training and tennis for a high-intensity workout.
1562	Care for a drink?
1563	Carlitos Rachide, who confessed to firing the shots that killed Cardoso, and Manuel Fernandes (“Escurinho”), the lookout for the death squad, were released on Friday.
1564	Carlow Concrete Tanks provide precast concrete products & custom solutions for the agricultural, domestic & environmental markets.
1565	Carmelo Anthony led New York with a game-high 24 points and added eight rebounds.
1566	Carnival says Thursday's sailing was sold out, although that's not unusual.
1567	Caroulis said the group was helping build houses in Harlan, about a half-hour from Whitesburg, and had gone on a hiking trip that was made every year on the trip.
1568	Carpenter held his own at second, too, after switching from third base in spring training.
1569	Carrie responds by saying that what she's working on is directly connected to the baby's father, and that she needs to "make things right."
1570	Cars are to airplanes as a snail is to a human.
1571	Cars can tap into Internet radio apps for a more customized selection of music, or news, traffic, and weather apps for real-time information relevant to the driver's location.
1572	Caruthers said parts of the property were sold throughout the years but still has several acres for his goats to graze on.
1573	Casting director Pat Moran is profiled in a new video.
1574	Cats also run the risk of fatty liver disease which can be potentially fatal.
1575	Caught in the crossfire and wounded was Bobby Cliburn, 55, who Garcia said was a maintenance worker at the college.
1576	CBC News has also learned that Frovich has since examined and signed off on the blueprints for two of the houses, located on Pritchard and Bowman avenues.
1577	CBC senior executive Kirstine Stewart is leaving the corporation to oversee the new Canadian office of Twitter.
1578	CBC’s Travis McEwan has that story.
1579	CBS in Texas reported that Plano veteran Larry Lorance’s front door flag was destroyed early Friday morning, and that the Vietnam vet is fed up with having to replace it.
1580	CBS said Friday afternoon that it has failed to reach an agreement with Time Warner Cable by their 5 p.m. deadline and the cable company has dropped the No. 1 primetime network in New York City, Los Angeles, Dallas and several other markets.
1581	Cde Chipanga only served in the province for a short period before he was elected national secretary for external relations in the Zanu-PF youth league in 2009.
1582	Cecilia Greyson (C) speaks to supporters after a press conference September 10, 2013, on the sidelines of the Toronto Film Festival in Canada.
1583	Cecil Smith, who became police chief earlier this year after Bill Lee Jr. lost his job in the fallout over the Martin case, promised at a prayer service on Monday to try to ease the mistrust in the community.
1584	Cecil Villard wants to get to the bottom of the confusion.
1585	Cela — The vice-president, Manuel Domingos Vicente, Friday, visited in the city of Waku Kungo, municipality of Cela (Kwanza Sul), socio-economic infrastructures to learn about their operation.
1586	Central to Apple’s India strategy is the low-cost iTunes store allowing consumers to pay in rupees rather than U.S. dollars.
1587	CEOs' wallets are winding up being one of the biggest beneficiaries from the rising stock market, and they're likely to get even fatter next year, thanks to cashing in lucrative stock options given.
1588	"Certainly, there could be some instances of violence," noted Nyoni, concerned about what might happen during a standoff.
1589	CFLs bulbs are vastly more efficient.
1590	CFRA radio is reporting Richmond will appear in court again on Tuesday on the allegation he’s been charged with.
1591	Chamber president Perrin Beatty connects the drop in business to a lack of promotion.
1592	Chances are, that wouldn’t matter, either.
1593	Chances are this won't sweep the Tonys, even with its 13 nods.
1594	Chaney's supporters spoke up to say her leadership will be missed.
1595	Changes have been made to the events calendar on the Halifax Regional Municipality website after it was hacked by someone claiming to be an engineer from Syria looking for investors.
1596	Changes will be made promptly to clarify the instructions provided to collectors regarding when samples should be delivered to FedEx based on the arbitrator's decision," he wrote in a statement.
1597	Changing the California Constitution requires a vote of the people and SBX211 was never put up for vote.
1598	Chantal Laflamme, a spokesperson for CTA, explained by email that the terms and conditions on an airline's website are a contract between the carrier and the passenger and are enforceable by the CTA.
1599	Chaos broke out around 06h00 when the group of less than 100 'struggle kids' from the Khomas and Otjozondjupa regions planned to demonstrate in an attempt to enter the office complex to 'talk' to Mbumba about their plight.
1600	Character actor Jack Elam died in Ashland, Oregon, at age 84.
1601	Charges were dismissed a year later amid allegations of witness intimidation.
1602	Charity said a traditional healer as well as a respected man in the community had told her that Sisa fell victim to a group of witches.
1603	Charles Lee Clements, 34, Farmington Falls, displaying fictitious vehicle certificate, Dec. 1, 2012, in Farmington; $200 fine.
1604	CHARLES R. STONE, Alum Creek, died Fri., Apr. 12, 2013.
1605	CHARLESTON - A Mississippi County woman was arrested after attacking a man and his vehicle with a crowbar and iron pipe.
1606	Charleston's Tuesday Morning Group is the host of the Juneteeth Celebration continuing through Wednesday.
1607	CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- Charleston City Council members created an account for the money from the city's new 0.5 percent sales tax, and the revenue from that tax will start coming in February, city Finance Director Joe Estep told council members Monday.
1608	CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- Now that technical fixes to the health insurance marketplace website are mainly accomplished, it is time to assess how the Affordable Care Act will affect people across the nation in the months ahead.
1609	CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- West Virginia is joining 40 other states and territories calling for tamper-resistant versions of generic prescription pain relievers.
1610	Charlie said some things that weren't very nice, so what, money is money in Hollywood and I am sure they would get over it if the numbers bringing back Charlie were out of the world.
1611	Charlotte's airport is the most unlikely candidate to change from a city owned facility to a regional authority according to the consultant's findings.
1612	Chauntelle Johnson doesn't need a vacation.
1613	Check out some of the.
1614	Check out the action from the third round of the 2013 NCAA tournament and look back at the NCAA tournament Round of 64.
1615	Check out the purported leaked screenshots below.
1616	Check to see if you may have money, diamonds or canned meats that you didn't know you had lost.
1617	Chelsea said Mourinho is bringing with him three members of his coaching staff - Rui Faria, Silvino Louro and Jose Morais - who will work alongside the current team staff.
1618	Cherry flavored, no doubt.
1619	Chesney was good, but Eric Church was absolutely..
1620	Chester Hubbard of Wheeling wrote to Waitman Willey that he wanted to "show those traitors at Richmond that we are not to be transferred like cattle on the hills or the slaves on their plantations without our knowledge and consent."
1621	@chiapetto I don't think McFuzzface is anything but stupid.
1622	Chicago Cubs pitcher Matt Garza and Giants outfielder Hunter Pence also are among those who filed Tuesday.
1623	Chicago improved to 4-5-1 against the Union.
1624	Chief among them: reducing the number of safety layoffs by 35.
1625	Child marriage – defined as marriage before the age of 18 – applies to both boys and girls, but the practice is far more common among young girls.
1626	Children under 5 free.
1627	Chileans remember how Peru eliminated the national team from World Cup contention in 1977.
1628	"China has been in Rwanda for 42 years and out of the 41 cooperation projects, 31 were initiated after the 1994 Genocide against the Tutsi which implies that we have good relations with this government."
1629	“China Optical Communication Industry Report, 2012-2014” is the new market research report added …
1630	China's Autonomous Region of Xinjiang is more than four times larger than Germany, yet it has only 22 million inhabitants.
1631	Choi added: "People power is seeing off big business bullies -- it's great news for democracy."
1632	Chris had joined me in my residence and at our embassy in Malta to learn what we knew as we outfitted his travel.
1633	Chris Kelly of Boston redirected a shot that hit the post and Carl Soderberg fired one that sneaked between Lundqvist’s pads but trickled just wide.
1634	Chris Kuhlman, a meteorologist at the weather service’s Phoenix office, said Monday night’s low for the Valley should be in the mid to high 30s for most of the Valley.
1635	Chris Stevens, 39, is facing multiple charges.
1636	Christians all around Egypt are cleaning up in the aftermath of a spate of attacks, which came on the country's deadliest day since the 2011 revolution that overthrew longtime President Hosni Mubarak.
1637	Christians are commemorating the passion, death, and resurrection of Christ with special observances, culminating in Easter services on Sunday.
1638	Christie, who has said he won't rule out a White House bid, leads Democrat Barbara Buono by a commanding 64% to 31% in next week's gubernatorial election.
1639	Christina Foggie had 12 before being knocked out of the game with an injured right knee, and Jasmine Lister had 10.
1640	Christine Kaplan, who owns Gashouse Cove at 10 Marina Blvd. adjacent to Fort Mason, says she arrived at work just before 8 a.m. on September 11 to find a charred bench and some melted gas cans.
1641	CHRISTOPHER -- Nearly 45 firefighters from four departments battled a house fire Wednesday that killed a Christopher couple.
1642	Chung said he planned to start his own lab soon and to work on refining the technology.
1643	CINCINNATI (AP) -- A plane carrying a wing walker crashed at an air show and exploded into flames Saturday, killing the pilot and stunt walker instantly, authorities said.
1644	CINCINNATI (AP) — Craig Kimbrel was one strike away from getting career save No. 100. Five pitches later, he was walking off the field stunned.
1645	CINCINNATI (AP) Pitcher Armando Galarraga has agreed to a minor league contract with the Cincinnati Reds and will try to win a job at spring training.
1646	Cincinnati is one of the three finalists.
1647	Cisneros, a low-key official, was elected to his third term as treasurer after being appointed by then-Mayor Gavin Newsom in 2004.
1648	Cisneros was allegedly driving the vehicle, Herb said.
1649	Cities including Malibu, Pasadena, Hermosa Beach and others will be participating by shutting lights down.
1650	City attorney Grossman argued that because the memo affected all police officers, that it should be admitted as evidence with regard to the an officer who stopped 13-year-old Devin Almonor in the Bronx in 2010: "There was a change of policy, your honor."
1651	City, state and other local governments are spending more than $12 billion US on projects for the Olympics in Rio.
1652	Civilians who had been hiding inside during the gunbattle manage to flee from the Westgate mall.
1653	Clancy (Texas vs. The Nation) and Cleary (Raycom Classic) were both invited to postseason All-Star games, but only Cleary went to the combine in Indianapolis.
1654	CLASS C: Lisbon (13-2) vs. North Yarmouth Academy (13-2-1), 3:30 p.m.
1655	Clear Fraud includes an FCRA-regulated, statistically proven, fraud score plus more than 200 predictive variables.
1656	Clearly, Kennedy had learned something else during his brief time in office.
1657	Clearly they don't go through the embalming process first.
1658	CLEARWATER, Fla. — A Florida woman who appeared on several national television programs as a teen because of her uncontrollable hiccupping went on trial on a murder charge on Tuesday.
1659	Clemens won a record seven Cy Young Awards as the best pitcher in his league and ranks ninth in Major-League history with 354 wins with the Boston Red Sox, Toronto Blue Jays, Yankees and Houston Astros.
1660	Clemson's victory will vault the Tigers into the top five teams nationally; Georgia's loss will send the Bulldogs tumbling in advance of Saturday's key divisional game against South Carolina.
1661	Cleveland and East Cleveland's officials and police defend their work over the years, but acknowledge the problem is very serious.
1662	CLEVELAND (AP) The Browns have released defensive end Frostee Rucker after one season.
1663	Click through the slideshow (below) to see more photos and videos of the Times Square Yearbook.
1664	Clint Eastwood hasn't spoken about his separation from wife Dina after 17 years of marriage.
1665	Clinton also wound up earning a first-team AAA all-state spot as an offensive utility player.
1666	Clinton's popularity is unprecedented.
1667	Clippers forward Matt Barnes splits the Rockets' defense during Tuesday's 117-109 win.
1668	Close relatives of young patients were donors.
1669	Closing arguments at the trial of a Toronto police officer facing charges stemming from the G20 summit protest were held Wednesday.
1670	Clothing companies also said orders fell.
1671	Clovis police are working on leads to try to catch those responsible for the theft.
1672	CNNMoney: Federal Reserve: Recovery still 'modest' and 'moderate'
1673	CNN's Dan Rivers, Laura Smith-Spark and Joseph Netto contributed to this report.
1674	CNN's Dan Rivers reports on the legacy of Margaret Thatcher's confrontation with the mining unions.
1675	CNN's Joe Sutton and Maggie Schneider contributed to this report.
1676	Coach Kevin Sumlin rewarded Labhart with a scholarship at the start of this season, and delights in the progress he's made.
1677	Coach Mike Tomlin said CB Curtis Brown's ankle injury suffered Monday isn't believed to be serious.
1678	Coach O’Brien wanted to push us, but he didn’t have a gauge of the team this early last year,” Robinson said.
1679	Coach Sigi Schmid said Tiffert didn't underperform with the Sounders but that the team's financial state regarding the salary cap meant the team had to get rid of a DP to make room for Martins.
1680	Coakley defeated Capuano in a multi-candidate Democratic primary.
1681	Cobalt Pharmaceuticals said it is voluntarily recalling one lot of Co-Fluvoxamine (100 mg) because it may also contain a few pills of the antibiotic ciprofloxacin.
1682	Cobie Smulders ("How I Met Your Mother") will reprise her role as Agent Maria Hill from "Marvel's The Avengers" in the pilot episode of Marvel's "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." on ABC -- seen here reunited with Clark Gregg's Agent Coulson.
1683	Cockeyed coalitions seem almost routine.
1684	Cocoa is heated with vanilla bean and water before adding it to the cake batter.
1685	Co-developed by the U.S. firm Raytheon and Israeli company Rafael, David's Sling (also known as the Magic Wand) is a missile defense system designed to safeguard Israeli citizens from attack.
1686	Colbert argued on his show last night that by tying a comment to its writer's Google+ account and highlighting only worthy discussions inside a video's comments, YouTube is committing an "unprecedented attack on free speech."
1687	Cold turkey is terrifying and dangerous, but you can live through it, particularly at 30 years of age.
1688	Coleman said they expected issues to come up in the first year.
1689	Colette Zazulak says the owners have no idea who could be responsible.
1690	Collaros ran in one touchdown and threw for another to lead Toronto to a 24-20 victory over the Montreal Alouettes on Thursday in the final pre-season game for both teams.
1691	Colleagues and friends in D.C. were unanimous in describingWilkins as “fair.”
1692	Collision reported at 7:50 a.m.; moderate delays.
1693	Colorado voters ratified proposed tax rates on recreational marijuana Tuesday while residents of Portland, Maine, and three Michigan cities opted to dump all municipal punishments for pot possession by adults over the age of 21.
1694	COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — After nearly a decade in prison, freedom did not come easy for Ryan Ferguson — not even in the final few hours after the Missouri attorney general decided to not retry him in the 2001 slaying of a newspaper sports editor.
1695	COLUMBUS, Ind. - A Columbus mom was celebrating her two young sons Monday evening after she said they made all the right decisions in her time of crisis.
1696	Combined with the severe droughts that Iraq has been experiencing, Turkey’s planned dams on the Tigris and Euphrates rivers don’t bode well for the future of Iraq’s marshes.
1697	Comcast has made its Filipino Channel available to its customers in Washington free of charge through November 18. The channel is available on Xfinity TV channel 241.
1698	'Come on, fella, you get paid enough.
1699	Coming attractions: It’s Black Monday, the day any non-playoff-bound coach and general manager is a little bit nervous to head into the office.
1700	Commissioner Bud Selig announced the game and says the Astros have "demonstrated a substantial commitment to supporting diversity throughout our industry."
1701	Community members interested in receiving more information on what documents should be shredded are encouraged to visit Security Bank locations in Cassville, Exeter or Wheaton, call 847-4794 or visit www.sbswmo.com.
1702	Companies at different levels of the seafood supply chain use the website’s resources and platform to find new products, attract new business, retain existing clients, and stay current with the sustainable seafood movement.
1703	Companies should increase their information technology (IT) budgets amid an increasingly digital world, Gartner Inc said in a statement released on Friday.
1704	Compared with the rest of the elaborate design, the look here is cheap and corny.
1705	Compromise is a part of this nation's fabric, as much so as the decisiveness that makes it necessary.
1706	Compromise is the name if the game.
1707	Concealed carry classes are booming at John A. Logan College these days.
1708	CONCORD, N.H. (AP) — A hospital technician accused of causing a multi-state outbreak of hepatitis C last year is set to plead guilty in New Hampshire federal court in exchange for a prison term of 30 to 40 years.
1709	Conger said his research has shown that kids in these environments can do worse in school, or have more social and emotional problems.
1710	Congratulations on a great show, but, couldn't we get just one moment away from the Obamas?
1711	Congratulations to the whole group of people involved.
1712	Congress has decided to arm Syrian rebels.
1713	Congress has only appropriated $50 million for this critical safety program.
1714	Congress has ordered commuter and freight railroads to install technology called positive train control - which uses electronics to monitor trains' positions and speed and stop derailments and other problems - by the end of 2015.
1715	Congress is now effectively on the clock… If the statute remains the same by the time the next case arrives, the Court will invalidate the statute."
1716	Conlin, 65, was an early adopter of environmental sustainability and has been the council’s chief advocate for urban agriculture.
1717	Connecting the dots in a coloring book is easy and fun.
1718	Connolly wants George back in Congress for more questioning.
1719	Conservation officer Kevin Van Damme said the cougar, believed to be about one year old, was shot just after 8 a.m. PT.
1720	Considering the Golden Gophers’ schedule, another 6-6 season wouldn’t be a bad thing.
1721	Consider these four social media sites you may not be using but should.
1722	Consistent with the national data, there has been a steady increase in chlamydia cases in the past decade, essentially doubling in number.
1723	Constitutional lawyers referred to the jurisprudential doctrine that emerged as the doctrine of "executive supremacy."
1724	Construction is set to begin soon after utilities are relocated.
1725	Construction of the highway is implementation of a promise made to Mara residents by President Jakaya Kikwete a few years ago.
1726	Consult an expert if needed, and get necessary information.
1727	Consumer advocates complain that companies like Castle Payday are setting up shop on the Internet to avoid laws in some states that restrict or ban traditional storefront payday lending.
1728	"Consumers shouldn't look at these numbers and automatically assume that this is what they're going to have to pay," Levitt said.
1729	Contacted on the issue, the Director of Norms and Monitoring of Sports Federations at the Ministry of Sports and Physical Education, Evele Malik, refused to comment on the issue.
1730	Contact the hotel on 044 93 375000 or info@mullingarparkhotel.
1731	Contextual features that use information such as time of day and your location are becoming increasingly important on smartphones today.
1732	Continental has said the entire Bakken region, which is being developed by several companies, may contain 24 billion barrels of oil.
1733	Continuing civil disorder is almost certain, with violence "likely to become a constant feature of Egyptian life and politics," warned Eric Trager of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.
1734	Continuing the showcasing of this year’s Stranger Genius Award nominees, tonight honors three talents from the Seattle film scene.
1735	Contrary to popular belief, this is not the time of the year to celebrate the birth of our lord and saviour.
1736	"Contrary to the popular narrative about independent bookstores being endangered, ABA has seen a modest growth in membership with new stores opening; existing stores expanding."
1737	Controlling the use of violent video games is one step we can take to help protect our society from violence.
1738	Conversation piece in the living room?
1739	Convict and jail for a long time, or feed him the drugs, all at once.
1740	Convictions are popular too, as Thatcher showed, writes Roy Hattersley.
1741	Cordray has run the consumer bureau since last year.
1742	Coroners should have a medical/science background.
1743	Corporate Accountability in recent years had pressured McDonald’s to stop using Ronald McDonald to market to children.
1744	Correction: This article originally referred to Max Mosley as the "former Formula One boss."
1745	Corvallis police warn everyone to be constantly aware of their surroundings and to park vehicles in well-lit areas at night.
1746	Corvette high-performance engines moving to Ky.
1747	Cost and a lack of access to places to exercise were also issues.
1748	Costco topped Wall Street expectations as comparable store sales rose 6 percent.
1749	Cost-cutting boosted profits at Wells Fargo, and its stock rose 74 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $42.63.
1750	Could U.S. strike worsen Syria crisis?
1751	Councilors are scheduled to meet at 7 p.m. in council chambers at Augusta City Center.
1752	Council President Robert Rosenblatt, a Democrat, attributed Monday's large meeting turnout to what he said were efforts of the borough Republican Party to scare residents before an election.
1753	Counsel, therefore, applied to adopt the defence briefs on the no-case-to-answer submission made by the defence, dated 20th February 2013, in support of the defence case.
1754	Court documents say that when White grabbed Shipley's throat, her pit bull, Coco, attempted to help her by biting White's ear.
1755	Court documents say the wife told police Sampson made her unbuckle her seat belt before the collision.
1756	Court orders Interior Ministry to find other ways to ascertain identity of Israelis crossing border and renewing ID papers.
1757	Cousins can get away with his antics when he's putting up 20-and-10 per night, but he better be a model citizen if he's playing like this.
1758	Cousins shot 14 of 24 from the floor and hit 8 of 11 free throws.
1759	Cover Oregon hired more than 400 workers to process the applications manually.
1760	Covers UCD boundaries: Baltimore Ave to Lancaster Ave, 30th Street to 50th St. Robberies: None.
1761	CPS won't investigate unless the kids is physically harmed.
1762	Created in 2008, Covenant Health is a Catholic health-care organization, which operates 18 hospitals and care facilities across the province.
1763	Creativity is where particularities reign over generalities.
1764	Crews had Preston Street blocked off between Quinpool Road and Pepperell Street.
1765	Crews set to work on the I-5 bridge reconstruction project in August of 2009.
1766	"Critically, we are still way behind in terms of building enough homes to meet the nation's growing housing need.
1767	Critics, including the bar presidents, say the reprimands are an important standards commission tool to avoid costly and time-consuming hearings.
1768	Critics say Batista has lied to investors, citing a correction made earlier this month for a promising OGX offshore field.
1769	Crocker, the RNC’s drug awareness co-ordinator, said it is covered under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act (CDSA).
1770	Cruise Lines In­ter­na­tion­al As­so­ci­ation, the in­dus­try's main mar­ket­ing group, now a worldwide organization.
1771	Cruising along, listening to the radio, an announcement jolted him: President Barack Obama was going to make a statement.
1772	Cruising Grand Avenue with the windows rolled down and music on the car radio.
1773	CSKA Moscow made light work of their 75-57 win at Alba Berlin thanks to 17 points by playmaker Milos Teodosic and 15 from fellow Serbian centre Nenad Krstic, while Nikola Mirotic led Real with 19 points in an 82-67 away defeat of Brose Baskets Bamberg.
1774	Cummings complained to his supervisors and despite an internal investigation the female cook was not disciplined, according to the suit.
1775	Cuomo and Pataki spoke at an event in which the governor announced a new state tax commission that will be co-chaired by Pataki and another past political rival, former state Comptroller Carl McCall, a Democrat.
1776	CurrencyShares Japanese Yen Trust (FXY), a currency ETF designed to track the movement of the yen vs. the dollar, is down 12% in 2013 to its lowest level since 2008.
1777	Current "Idol" judges Urban, Carey — along with Jackson on bass — also performed.
1778	Currently, 78.5 percent of Chinese Internet users access it through their mobile phones, according to data from the China Internet Network Information Centre.
1779	Curtis said they had talked about possibly publishing a book on a conspiracy that Curtis says he uncovered about the black-market sale of body parts.
1780	Customers with such counterfeit ExtenZe should stop taking the supplement immediately and contact their healthcare professional, the agency advised on Tuesday.
1781	Cutler criticizes Gov. LePage for not expanding Medicaid under the federal health care overhaul.
1782	Daily menus can be found on the website.
1783	Dairy farmers lose about 27% of the milk they produce before it reaches the cooling plant, according to a new dairy farmers' guide on proper hand-milking and hygiene.
1784	Daisuke Takahashi of Japan performs during Smucker's Skating Spectacular on day three at Skate Ameri …
1785	Damian Lillard of the Portland …
1786	Damon Shelton, one of the applicants for a Redmond Ridge pot business, wrote to council members that the fears of residents “carry weight but no facts.”
1787	Daniel Sturridge, making his Liverpool debut after his transfer from Chelsea, put the visitors ahead in the seventh minute and Suarez extended the lead in the 59th by bringing the ball down with a hand before kicking it into the net.
1788	Danish climber Jakob Fuglsang will be the Astana Pro Team’s main hope for competing for the maillot jaune in this year’s Tour de France which gets underway in Corsica on Saturday.
1789	Dan Limacher, director of water services for the city, said the Elbow river is expected to recede by about 60 percent over the next two days, while the larger Bow river will recede by about 25 percent.
1790	Danny Alexander, a pro-European Liberal Democratic minister in Britain’s coalition government, conceded that the olive oil rule was “pretty silly” but was not reason enough to leave the European Union.
1791	Dan Spoor says, "The current Combat and Rescue helicopters that the war fighters use have 1970's-80's technology in them.
1792	Danto frequently had to explain that art wasn't dead, only art history.
1793	D'Antoni said the plan is to rest Nash on some, if not most, back-to-back games this season to keep the 39-year-old point guard fresh.
1794	DARLINGTON, S.C. -- Authorities say thieves stole a $65,000 spool of copper wire from a steel mill in Darlington.
1795	Darren Bravo’s unbeaten 72 piloted the home team to victory, the left-hander earning both the man-of-the-match and man-of-the-series awards following on his maiden ODI ton in the first match on Friday last week.
1796	Data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey found that only 45 percent of overweight patients reported they had been told by their doctors that they were overweight.
1797	“(David) Ferreira was in and out during that period of time when they were going into that losing streak,” Schmid said.
1798	David Krejci also added a goal for the Bruins and leads all skaters in the playoffs with 20 points (8G, 12A).
1799	David Moyes clearly feels he's a talent in need of more nurturing.
1800	David Picard, the CEO of Moleac, said he was not discouraged by the results.
1801	David Robbins places flowers at the site where the first bomb detonated near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on Boylston Street on April 24 in Boston.
1802	David West had 20 points and Lance Stephenson added 15 to help Indiana win at San Antonio for the first time in its last 12 visits.
1803	Davis said he contacted Kaplan and was given a range of costs for private tutoring, including a package for about $3,000.
1804	DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. — Kevin Harvick won the exhibition Sprint Unlimited race by dominating the final two segments of the Speedweeks opener.
1805	D-Concord, said that could change with the addition of strong regulations in the new bill.
1806	D.C. residents get affordable housing, the city doesn't spend a cent, and everyone wins.
1807	Dead rubbers include Ivory Coast against Morocco in Abidjan with Didier Drogba set for his first competitive international outing since February, Algeria versus Mali in Blida and Egypt's clash with Guinea in Alexandria.
1808	Dealing with insomnia within a month after it begins will show the best results, but many people wait until it becomes chronic and do not treat the fundamental causes, Yang says.
1809	Deal is already facing two primary opponents and will now have to deal with the prospect of a Carter campaign that will likely be well-financed.
1810	Deals decreased 4 percent to 1,940 units in Greater Tainan and dropped 1.7 percent to 3,338 units in Greater Kaohsiung.
1811	DeAmbrosio is 62 and started working at the store at age 22, though even when he was 9 he was helping out his dad on Saturdays by polishing tux rental shoes.
1812	Dearbhaile studied at the Royal Irish Academy of Music, where she was taught by John O’Conor.
1813	De Baeremaeker is bringing a motion before city council that, if passed, would give bylaw officers the ability to ignore mass requests from individuals seeking to harass their neighbours.
1814	December 30, 2012 - Is hospitalized after doctors discovered a blood clot during a follow-up exam related to the concussion.
1815	Decisions from the talks, if concluded, could affect the date of the election, he said.
1816	Deen said she appreciated fans who have expressed anger at the Food Network for dropping her, but said she didn’t support a boycott of the network.
1817	Defence Secretary nominee Chuck Hagel has sought to allay concerns that he is anti-Israel and soft on Iran, at a testy confirmation hearing.
1818	Defendants have the right to a trial within 15 days of being charged.
1819	Defending champion Ashley Wagner glides to victory at the U.S. figure-skating championships Saturday night in Omaha, Neb.
1820	Defense attorney Jim Conroy said his client “would like to extend his condolences to the entire family.”
1821	DEJ: If he didn't do it the way he did it, who knows, we might be doing things differently and not as good.
1822	Delivering the current plans without further welfare cuts or tax rises would imply speeding up departmental cuts by 50%.
1823	Dell's stock rose 4 cents to close at $12.91, an indication that many shareholders remain doubtful about the deal getting done, even at the sweetened price.
1824	Del Potro beat the player he described as ''a big inspiration'' for the third straight time, including the 2012 Basel final.
1825	DeLuca is communicating regularly with the company, but on a reduced basis, the company said.
1826	Delury is now an assistant professor at the Graduate School of International Studies at Yonsei University in South Korea.
1827	Demand Congress do something.
1828	Dembele, who graduated from the GW Law School in May with a 96 percent tuition cut as an employee, pursued his degree while also working full-time, 16-hour shifts as an officer.
1829	Democratic Gov. Deval Patrick invited Romney to attend the church ceremony, along with other current and former Bay State politicos.
1830	Democratic lawmakers have called the governor's plan a massive tax shift to cities and towns.
1831	Democratic Rep. Jim Costa, along with Republican Reps.
1832	Democrats haven't won such a race since 1994.
1833	Democrats may see their chance to bring her down using the hack to attack.
1834	Democrats say Republican use of the tactic has become almost routine and far too frequent.
1835	Demonstrators came from various organizations which are opposed to blanket amnesty proposals and say each person at the counter-protest represented 10,000 Americans.
1836	Dennis Fox, a junior at Cornell University and president of Cornell's KyotoNOW! climate justice group, sees promise in his school's divestment movement.
1837	Dental implants are specifically designed to look just like the patient's other teeth, so they will not stand out in any way.
1838	DENVER (AP) — Star shortstop Troy Tulowitzki will be out between four and six weeks with a broken rib.
1839	Depending on local laws and regulations, chain stores do increase prices before marking down for "Going Out of Business" Sales.
1840	Deputies at the jail say Macias is facing two charges including burglary of a building and aggravated assault off a public servant.
1841	Derek Jeter hits a home run in his first at-bat after coming off disabled list.
1842	Der Spiegel said Merkel's mobile telephone had been listed by the NSA's Special Collection Service (SCS) since 2002 - marked as "GE Chancellor Merkel" - and was still on the list weeks before Obama visited Berlin in June.
1843	Desired in England where Fulham was ready to enlist him, the Ghanaian midfielder is committed to the club of Kuban Krasnodar for 3 years.
1844	Despite a mad scramble at the end, they just couldn’t beat the traffic in the wild-card race.
1845	Despite expressing skepticism about the outcome of the diplomacy, officials said, Obama and close Senate allies reaffirmed their decision for a pause in attempts to win congressional backing for a strike against President Bashar Assad's government.
1846	Despite grumbling from liberals that Obama had given way too much in the bargaining, only two Democrats opposed the measure.
1847	Despite his inspirational story and his strong fan base, it's clearly time for Lazaro to pack his bags.
1848	Despite his often hawkish stances, Yosef has signaled he would support Israel's withdrawal from the West Bank, a territory Palestinians seek for their future state, if it saves lives.
1849	Despite its enormous economic power and high standard of living, Germany is simply not competitive enough when it comes to recruiting talent from around the world, says the OECD.
1850	Despite never having won at Roland Garros, Sharapova is in good form in 2012, losing just once on clay this season.
1851	Despite sailing more than five times the recommended distance from the coast as a precaution against hijacking, the fast moving dots were speedboats carrying heavily armed pirates.
1852	Despite such victories, New South Wales's premier, Barry O'Farrell, told reporters on Wednesday that danger remains.
1853	Despite tensions over maritime claims, Xi’s trip has served to stress the crucial importance of economic ties with China.
1854	Despite that decline, Nintendo was able to muster a small profit of 14.5 billion yen, up significantly from the 48.4 billion yen it lost a year earlier.
1855	"Despite that fact, IMAT does not award degree certificates, but I am happy as a youth to head an institution that teaches LLB students."
1856	Despite the age of the building, Brown said that, structurally, not much has changed beyond making adjustments to accommodate modern equipment.
1857	Despite the destruction during the war and more recent security threats, the Ouattara government has made notable progress in a number of areas.
1858	Despite the emergence from recession, the government predicts the economy will shrink 1.3 percent for 2013 as a whole.
1859	Despite the government's moves to boost competition the new entrants are struggling in a market of 34.5 million people stretched across the world's second largest country.
1860	Despite the graphic nature of these most recent accounts, the U.S. likely won't get further involved because of it, O'Bagy says.
1861	Despite the organization’s reticence, USA TODAY Sports’ Tom Pelissero learned that Incognito has agreed to extend his paid suspension until the end of the season.
1862	Despite the Pakistani concerns, the U.S. has shown no indication it is willing to abandon the attacks, even though the number has dropped in the past couple of years.
1863	"Despite these challenges, it was possible to observe many signs of the conflict throughout the study area," the researchers stated in the report.
1864	"Despite what everybody is saying, I feel that we made some huge strides this summer, acquiring the guys that we went out there and got,'' Anthony said.
1865	Details of that campaign – at a time when GW's spending and ambitions are also at a high – will likely come to fruition this year.
1866	Details on more recently developed attacks don't seem to be part of the package, but another Der Spiegel report back in September mentioned an example of a target captured on camera via his iPhone as in 2012.
1867	Detours around damaged roads have added to travel delays with the state DOT in the midst of its yearly resurfacing projects.
1868	DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co said on Tuesday that it will recall about 3,500 Taurus, Explorer and Lincoln MKS vehicles around the world to repair fuel tanks equipped with an improperly molded seam.
1869	Detroit's 1.5 percentage point monthly gain was the strongest in the 20-city group, but Detroit is also the only market where prices are still below their January 2000 level, according to S&P.
1870	• Develop community contacts, network with local agencies and be a positive ambassador for the Red Cross and the National Preparedness and Response Corps.
1871	Devendorf played sixteenth notes on a closed hi-hat, and the crowd emitted a small cheer of recognition.
1872	Devised by Sir Paul Fox in 1954, the first Sports Personality of the Year was held at the Savoy Hotel in London, where it was presented by Peter Dimmock.
1873	Dexter said Thursday he is not perturbed by the chorus of criticism, saying it's the raison d'être for consumer groups to question such developments.
1874	Dhaka, Bangladesh (CNN) -- The streets of Bangladesh's capital rang with the sound of gunfire, explosions and tear-gas canisters Sunday as Islamist protesters demanding laws against blasphemy battled police, leaving four dead.
1875	Dhanoa says the transaction seemed standard — he punched the total sale into his store’s credit card machine and handed the unit over to the customer to enter his security pin number.
1876	Diaper changes, feeding, and soothing during the night are to blame for why most new parents are getting just 5.1 hours of sleep per night in the first year of their child's life, according to the survey.
1877	Did cavemen get high?
1878	Did the climate change or something?
1879	"Did they find it early enough for their liking," Letterman asked, regarding the actor's doctors.
1880	"Did you forget to tell police who shot your friend in cold blood?" fired off defense attorney Bill Forbes.
1881	Did you see that?: The players review the movie after the screening.
1882	Dietrich-Smith promises to be the one constant in Rodgers' protection unit, becoming for Rodgers what Saturday was for Peyton Manning.
1883	Difficulties in finding middle ground between the centre-left SPO and the conservative OVP over issues such as privatisation and pensions had threatened hopes of finalising a coalition deal before the Christmas holidays, although this now looks likely.
1884	Dinets said the reptiles will gather sticks on their snouts and then lie still in the water.
1885	Director James Franco said Haze took off for the hills without consulting the director and showed up to shoot not only looking the part — undernourished, ratty beard and disheveled — but acting it.
1886	Disclosure: McCullagh is married to a Google employee not involved in this issue.
1887	Dispatchers received the call at around 8:10 p.m. Thursday from a homeowner living in the 1300 block of W 17th Ave.
1888	Djokovic, who requested new balls because of a lack of air before the end of the first game, said Tomic deserved to win.
1889	Dmitry Chernyshenko, the CEO of the Sochi 2014 Olympic Organizing Committee, says 'it's incredible how in such a short period of time we are changing the environment and infrastructure which was not upgraded since middle of last century.'
1890	DNAinfo got more information from Dimo's.
1891	“Do a trench, all the way across the highway,” Paton explained of the project, adding it includes building an underpass in one area and a fence in another.
1892	Doctors and midwives rushed to the taxi when the cabbie called them from his mobile phone saying the baby was on its way.
1893	Doctors at the Uganda Heart Institute the surgery will cost about sh15m which he is seeking from Good Samaritans.
1894	Doctors say energy drinks.
1895	Doctors still aren't sure if the damage is permanent or recoverable.
1896	Doctor Uri Nitzan of Tel Aviv University's Sackler Faculty of Medicine and the Shalvata Mental Health Care Center decided, along with his colleagues, to look at his own patients in the context of their online relationships.
1897	Doe argued she had met the terms of the case plan, but the terms had been met within a matter of weeks before the termination trial.
1898	Does anyone doubt that ready cash would allow combat veterans to re-enter civilian life with less financial stress, hardship, and needless waiting?
1899	Does it make her any less dead?
1900	Does North Korea think U.S. going soft?
1901	Does Obama really care about veterans?
1902	Does she even remember the Capobiancos?
1903	Does that make us the Silicon Valley of dentistry?" he asks.
1904	Does that mean it doesn't matter if I eat this bag of pork rinds?
1905	"Does the justice system have an interest in knowing whether the person committed other crimes?" he asked Shanmugam several times.
1906	Dominguez de la Rosa is from Santa Cruz, Sonora and Chavez-Portillo is from Los Mochis, Sinaloa.
1907	Dominic Rodriguez, Suarez's son, said he and his mother, guided by a 911 dispatcher, tried to administer CPR to Telles.
1908	Do Mr. President and Mr. Telar believe that while all these abomination was gaining ground, no one was watching and listening?
1909	Donaldson fired his gun at least once, hitting the man.
1910	Do not (repeat: do not) take college football recruits with you to said club, however.
1911	'Do not type anything'
1912	Donovan: He said Puyallup already has high-achieving students, but schools can demand more.
1913	Donovan was appointed chairman of the task force by President Obama.
1914	Don Sargent, 53, who rents the single-story, wood-frame house, said he was out snowblowing his driveway and when he went inside the house, he smelled an electrical problem.
1915	“Don't drink and drive,” she said.
1916	Don't even waste time flipping a coin!
1917	Don't forget his hiring protocol.
1918	Don’t forget it.
1919	Don't know what they thought, or were thinking in wearing dark colors in the dark.
1920	Don't let the numbers fool you about Ryan Miller, writes Hockey Night in Canada analyst Kelly Hrudey.
1921	"Don't make me hurt you.
1922	Don't squander resources, even if you think there's plenty.
1923	Don't worry, we don't water board anymore.
1924	Doors open at 5:30 p.m., but the film will not start until 6:30 p.m.
1925	Dore was determined to cut taxes, but also expenses in city government — what he characterized as "municipal extravagance."
1926	Dorothy Hamill will learn some ballroom basics from Tristan MacManus.
1927	Dorrington said that offering an indignity to a human body is an offence under section 182 of the Criminal Code.
1928	Dorsey, widely credited with creating Twitter alongside fellow co-founders like Ev Williams, Biz Stone and Noah Glass, will stand for election at Disney's March 18 annual meeting, Disney said in a statement on Monday.
1929	Dorwart says the foundation is free to sell its shares in BOK at any time.
1930	Do these numbers make you proud of our tax code?
1931	“Do they change irrigation equipment?
1932	Do those exceedingly long straws in the glasses of water next to Armstrong and Winfrey during their interview remind anyone else of the rubber tubing that dopers use to give themselves illegal blood transfusions?
1933	Doucette said because of the way his family is being treated, he thinks witnesses of crimes will be less willing to come forward.
1934	Dow is the chemical originator, according to Chapman.
1935	Downs, 37, is having another stellar season, yielding a 1.84 ERA over 43 relief appearances this season.
1936	Do you expect him to still be punching a clock?
1937	Do you have a career you can restart, a skill you can trade for wages, a trustworthy source of child care?
1938	Do you have a ticket to go on board?
1939	Do you like these?"
1940	Do you think they're convincing anyone of how dire, drastic, and terrible all this will be?
1941	Dr Al Zaki says that the rate increases on the outskirts of the city, but expressed surprise about the spread of malnutrition among the children of workers in Port Sudan.
1942	Dr. Dirceu Alves at Abramet, a Brazilian association of doctors who specialize in treating traffic accident victims, said he thinks a crash-test center will improve safety.
1943	D.R. Horton (DHI) posted only a 12 percent increase in new orders for homes from the year-earlier period, less than half the amount expected, while PulteGroup (PHM) saw its orders drop 12 percent.
1944	Dries Mertens threatened for Napoli in the 89th with a long free kick that skimmed the top of the crossbar.
1945	Drivers are advised to use Walterdale Hill or 99th Street instead.
1946	Drivers from all three national series met with top NASCAR officials for almost two hours at the R&D Center in Concord to discuss several things under consideration for 2014.
1947	Driving 40 miles to the address in Bradleyville, Mo., Kinkade found the woman's trailer, where she had 100 Cabbage Patch dolls on a bed.
1948	Dr. James Pollock commented on the recognition: "I'm so honored to receive an award that's based on how my patients view the quality of care I provide.
1949	Dr. Jamie Jeffrey of Charleston Area Medical Center said she wasn't trained in how to treat Type 2 diabetes 20 years ago, so she had to re-educate herself and learn how to tackle adult diseases in children.
1950	Dr. John Gernetzke, Evansville, WI dentist, invites patients to improve their dental health knowledge through available educational resources.
1951	Dr Kaseba, on behalf of the Zambian children, thanked Healthy Hope Zambia and its partners for the sacrifice and generosity they had shown in raising awareness on malnutrition.
1952	Dr. Kizito also denied any wrong doing.
1953	Dropcam's HD video cameras allow people to quickly connect to a Wi-Fi connection and begin monitoring their homes via a smartphone app available to devices running Apple's iOS or Google's Android.
1954	Dr. Ron Walls also said one patient had more than 12 carpenter-type nails.
1955	Drs. Roger and Ronald Taylor can evaluate your child to determine how and when his or her problem should be treated.
1956	Dr. Stephen Cook at Sacred Heart at RiverBend for a still fairly new CTO procedure.
1957	Dr. Toral Patel will work with each individual patient to discuss the procedure and determine if Botox is an appropriate treatment choice.
1958	Drummond said he thought he played well in the three practices, including Tuesday's 150-minute session dominated by five-on-five scrimmages.
1959	Dr. Victor Weedn, a George Washington University professor who has studied nationally accredited systems, says states and counties should spend between $2.50 and $3.50 per capita.
1960	D. Salinger: A Writing Life" is being offered at Swann Auction Galleries on Nov. 21.
1961	Dube divided his time this summer, pitching a little for the Sanford Mainers in the New England Collegiate Baseball League and with Lenders Network in the Portland Twilight League.
1962	Dube said while he does not condone any of his members being abusive towards photo radar operators, he supports Yaworski completely as he does important work advocating to raise what he calls chronically low speed limits.
1963	Dubé says there are still lessons to be learned from such a poor year.
1964	Due to the facilities' infrastructure constraints and lack of education services, these departmental facilities did not hold minors.
1965	Duka scored a 1-1 equalizer in the 52nd minute after slipping behind defender Josh Williams at the goal and redirecting a pass from by Joel Lindpere for his first goal as a member of the Fire.
1966	Dumas Noon Lions served 5,500 people at their 67th Annual Dogie Day Bar-B-Que on Thursday, June 13, 2013.
1967	Dunnington described hot air ballooning as "man's first form of flight."
1968	Durham School Services and Teamsters Local 509, based in Columbia, have been negotiating since July over pay and benefits for union drivers and bus monitors, including about 100 who work for the Beaufort County School District.
1969	During a 40-minute speech delivered behind bulletproof glass in the early morning, Qadri told his supporters that the government's mandate was finished.
1970	During a trip to Alishan, a Taiwanese tourist asked a group of Chinese tourists to keep their voices down and refrain from spitting.
1971	During a two-hour interview with the Chicago Sun-Times, McCullough repeatedly denied killing the brown-eyed second-grader, and he contended that he was falsely implicated decades later by his own embittered relatives.
1972	During her time at the Needham Dump, Hoffman was able to shoot a variety of birds, including a few surprises.
1973	During his initial season with the Indians, he directed them to a 24-win improvement and a late surge that produced their first playoff berth in six years.
1974	During homework time, they are constantly coming to me, asking me to go over material we've already covered during school.
1975	During one court hearing, prosecutors played recordings of Kelly’s jailhouse telephone calls with his new wife in which he expressed a desire to go to Mexico, which prosecutors said was evidence of Kelly being a flight risk.
1976	"During our discussions, she made a commitment to moderate purchases as soon as she believes the data supports that action and shows that the current status cannot continue," Corker said.
1977	During the first decade of his time in Congress, the U.S. government was doing just fine on the fiscal front.
1978	During the first nine months of the year, cumulative orders dropped 0.8 percent to US$319.98 billion from the US$322.51 billion a year earlier, the ministry said.
1979	During their Panama visit, members of the Bahamian delegation will visit the Panama Canal, Colon Free Zone and Panama Pacifica with the aim of identifying joint ventures and new supply sources.
1980	During their stay, they will meet with members of the Presbyterian Church in Taiwan, discuss the operation of the fishermen’s center and talk about possible exchanges of young volunteers, the Berlin church said said.
1981	During the opening three-hour session, Baroness Ashton presented what has been described as a revised offer to Iran.
1982	During the quarter, volume for Europe also declined 4 percent, with Coca-Cola noting the impact of severe flooding in parts of Germany and central Europe.
1983	During the school-week, my break between classes alternates between four and six hours.
1984	During the segment Williams professed his love for Lasichanh and describe the birth of their son as the “best song that I’ve ever co-written.”
1985	During the Seleka offensive, hospitals and health centres were ransacked and medical staff fled.
1986	During the service, people shared stories about the Arctic pilot's work with the church – he would often cook for jamborees and church breakfasts.
1987	During the team's four-year search for ownership, Doan was the consummate leader, always up to date on the latest developments, passing them along to teammates with an upbeat outlook.
1988	Dustin Clark, Kelin Harrison, Adriana Rodriguez, Kalin Youtsey, Kalley Beardsley and Aspen Kraisinger will handle the technical side of the show.
1989	DW spoke to Richard Keeble, acting head of the Lincoln School of Journalism, about the power of the "secret state."
1990	Dzeko, a virtual non-factor in the first half, started the second in far more dangerous form.
1991	Each accuser, all adult men, said they were courted and seduced by Clash when they were underage teenagers.
1992	Each camper worked very hard and was very coachable.
1993	Each day, the American Red Cross Penn-Jersey Blood Services Region needs approximately 1200 donors to step forward and give blood.
1994	Each device requires a two-year service and materials bundle, which will run $99 a year for the Wi-Fi tablet or $179-a-year for the 4G model.
1995	Each key would transmit a certain frequency, signaling to the telephone operator which number you wanted to call.
1996	Each of the Holiday Inn Resort brand's properties has a kids-eat-free program and a kids club with special activities tied to the local community.
1997	Each side will take up their defensive positions, but, no matter what happens, we’ll still find ourselves witness to an undeclared war on crime and our own fears, one led by private citizens and in which a seventeen-year-old became collateral damage.
1998	Each was featured in a video presentation deftly produced by the Reel Grrls nonprofit.
1999	Each year, TCAR recognizes members who have made significant achievements to the industry and community as part of the President's Frontier Awards.
2000	EAGLE, Idaho (KBOI) - An Eagle man was threatened with a handgun Wednesday morning after he spotted someone walking out of his house with a video game console, the Ada County Sheriff's Office says.
2001	Earlier, grandparents Prince Charles, his wife, Camilla, and Michael and Carole Middleton — Kate’s parents — were the first relatives to visit the young family at the hospital.
2002	Earlier in the week, when the statuses of Hinrich and Butler were uncertain, Thibodeau said what concerned him most was all the practice his injured players were missing.
2003	Earlier on Monday, a Russian official quoted by the RIA news agency said US President Barack Obama and Putin had ordered their respective security services, the FBI and the FSB, to end the standoff over Snowden.
2004	Earlier on Monday, Ericcson announced that it was acquiring Microsoft's Mediaroom property.
2005	Earlier on Saturday, Dr. Erin Kimmerle, a forensic anthropologist from USF, met with some family members and survivors.
2006	Earlier, the Uganda Retirement Benefits Authority also approved UAP as a pension fund management services provider.
2007	Earlier this month, Washington state's Democrat-controlled House failed to advance a universal background check bill there.
2008	Earlier this week, the Winslow Fire Department fought two chimney fires.
2009	Earlier Tuesday evening, Napoleon’s supporters gathered Tuesday night at the Roostertail, the riverfront restaurant and event center.
2010	Earlier Tuesday, in a meeting with television correspondents and anchors, Boehner said immigration is about the only item on Obama's list that has a chance of passing this year.
2011	Early on Saturday, Interior Minister Mohammed Ibrahim vowed to end the sit-in, saying local residents had complained about the encampment.
2012	Earnings per share last quarter were NT$6.65, compared with NT$6.33 in the previous quarter, the world’s fifth-largest PC vendor said in a filing to the Taiwan Stock Exchange.
2013	EARTH CITY, Mo. — If they can't catch you… '… They can't hit me,' Tavon Austin said, completing his visitor's thought as he stood in a hallway at the St. Louis Rams complex this week.
2014	EA Sports previewed its lineup of games, including new Madden, NBA Live, FIFA and UFC releases.
2015	Eastern Syria and western Iraq have a predominantly Sunni Muslim population like most of the rebels fighting President Bashar Assad, who belongs to the minority Alawite Sect, an offshoot of Shiite Islam.
2016	Eastern Washington is No. 4 in the NCAA Football Championship Subdivision preseason rankings.
2017	EAST PRAIRIE -- Gearldine Lindsey, 91, died Feb. 21, 2013, in the East Prairie Nursing Center.
2018	EcoClean technology incorporates silver ions.
2019	Ecojustice said the court's ruling that the owners of the Cadillac Fairview tower in Toronto had not violated environmental laws was not as important as the greater impact of the decision, the Toronto Star reported.
2020	Economists polled by Reuters expected retail sales growth of 15 percent year on year for January and February combined, in line with the pace at the end of 2012.
2021	Economists were expecting the report to show 157,000 jobs were created.
2022	“Eddie has always been highly involved in the business, but he’s an investment guy, he’s not an operations” guy.
2023	EDMONTON, Alberta (AP) — It went from being another game filled with breakdowns to what could end up being a breakout game for the Edmonton Oilers.
2024	"Educational tools that are engaging, and that help people understand and enjoy nature, are an excellent way to do just that."
2025	Education, Sport, Arts and Culture Deputy Minister Lazarus Dokora yesterday said Government should capacitate Zimsec to set up its own printing press.
2026	Edward Westmoreland Sr. told KING-TV that he doesn’t know who would want his son dead.
2027	Efforts by the opposition to block the bill did not deter Oulanyah from proceeding with it.
2028	"Egypt can never accept an interference in its sovereignty or the independence of its decisions or an interference in its internal affairs," interim Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy said in a statement after the EU talks.
2029	Egypt has less than two months' supply of imported wheat left in its stocks, ousted President Mohamed Mursi's minister of supplies said last week.
2030	Egypt rejects the use of any chemical weapons, if news reports in this regard were proven true, he said.
2031	Egypt's decline in recent years is revealed in the increasing hunger and poverty levels.
2032	Egypt takes part in China Outbound Travel and Tourism Market (COTTM) in Beijing.
2033	Eighteen of these states limit eligibility to parents in severe poverty, which is 50 percent of the federal poverty level or lower.
2034	Either way -- to deface any National Monument "should be" beyond consideration.
2035	Either we raise property taxes or increase the amount of businesses here.”
2036	Elam will probably leave the ball-hawking to newly-signed Michael Huff, but the rookie could replicate some of the hard-hitting play Bernard Pollard provided the past two seasons.
2037	Elder Edward Dube: "Look ahead and believe"
2038	Elder, who hit 16 goals for the Fleet last term, has already set his sights on the Golden Boot in a Dover shirt.
2039	Electronic trading, the fast traders, has also colored the picture.
2040	Elie Daviron: "It's an interesting puzzle - how can I get people to eat insects?"
2041	Eliot Cutler, an independent who has indicated he will run for governor in 2014, posted a statement on his Facebook page asking that the proposed rule change be examined in public.
2042	Elizabeth leaves St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle after the wedding of Sophie Rhys-Jones and her son Prince Edward in June 1999.
2043	Elle is described as a 5'2" and 95 pound white/Hispanic female, with long, straight brown hair and brown eyes.
2044	Elmendorf said even the mere possibility of a shutdown can affect the larger economy, in that it makes government less efficient.
2045	Elmendorf said that despite "significant expansion" of federal support, "the great majority of growth in federal health care spending is not related to the Affordable Care Act."
2046	Elrod asked her to answer the phone and she did, reportedly “coughing loudly” each time the party on the phone would speak so Elrod could not hear who it was.
2047	Elsewhere in the issue, we discover the proliferation of apps that let users though up their photos — from adding eyelashes to erasing lines — before posting them to social media.
2048	Elsewhere, McLaren's Button recorded the day's second fastest time, coming home in 1 minute 23.633 seconds with Vergne recording a time of 1 minute 24.071 seconds.
2049	Elsewhere, Tropical Storm Humberto swirls in the Atlantic, far from land, and is expected to become a remnant later Saturday.
2050	Elton John (L) with Fall Out Boy's Patrick Stump in an Atlanta studio.
2051	Elvis Andrus hit a tiebreaking, two-run double in the seventh inning after earlier ending a 1-for-18 slump and the Texas Rangers beat the Boston Red Sox 3-2 on Wednesday night.
2052	Embarking on the obligatory New Year detox after a boozy festive season?
2053	Embiid tallied 16 of his points after halftime.
2054	Emergency officials are warning people to take precautions before heading outside as Calgary’s stretch of bitter-cold weather continues.
2055	Emergency vehicles are responding,” comes the response.
2056	Emilio Nsue managed to pull a goal back for Mallorca in the 86th minute, but Deportivo held out for all three points to move to within four points of safety.
2057	Emmanuel Omosun from Irrua, Edo State told Saturday Vanguard that he dropped out of school almost at the time he was about to write his junior secondary school examinations.
2058	Emmanuel Zaze feels you can never go wrong by living the American dream of owning a home.
2059	Emmy Award-nominated for his work as Charlie Young on "The West Wing," Hill first came to prominence as The Kid opposite Savion Glover and Jeffrey Wright in "Bring in 'Da Noise, Bring in 'Da Funk."
2060	Employees need to have better balance between the head and the heart.
2061	"Employees spend more time at work than they do at home," said Judy Crabtree, the Kanawha Coalition's executive director.
2062	Employers who turn to this type of interview are looking for more than just a final product; they hope they can find the person who can get the job done better than anyone else.
2063	Encephalitis in India might have its highest toll in a decade this year.
2064	Encryption experts have complained for years that the most commonly used technology, known as A5/1, is vulnerable and have urged providers to upgrade to newer systems that are much harder to crack.
2065	Ending the suffering was a high priority for the United States and it was doable in the current climate.
2066	E.N.D) stealthily attached portable military limpet explosives magnetically to two (2) articulated tanker vehicles laden with petrol in a queue outside the NNPC depot in Abaji, the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja."
2067	English FA fines Manchester United manager for comments after draw with Tottenham.
2068	English speakers were relegated to two relatively plain vanilla outings in Marseille itself.
2069	Enrich your field of knowledge about these two staple foods, which are ubiquitous in the Cretan diet.
2070	Enter an interim manager, hired to run the fund through March.
2071	Entry fee for cook-off is $50 in professional and amateur divisions, with cash prizes for winners.
2072	Environmentalists say the letter is evidence of the oil and gas industry's influence over changes in environmental laws.
2073	Environmentalists worry that the downsides outweigh any benefits as oil from Canada's tar sands is intense in carbon responsible for climate change and a pipeline break would pollute groundwater.
2074	Erdogan, however, is still holding up full normalization of relations until a compensation agreement is worked out Israel significantly loosens its Gaza blockade.
2075	Eric tore the tags off his shirt but left the sticker on the brim of his crisp New Era cap.
2076	Eritrea, which turned 20 last week, is one of the world’s least developed and most repressive countries.
2077	Esperanza, released this week by the Boston-area firm Reimagine Music, features 19 singer-songwriters.
2078	ESPN reported that Kings GM Dean Lombardi said Kopitar is expected to miss three weeks.
2079	Essential Considerations for the Retiree to Be".
2080	Essentially, Obama's plan would change the way the government measures inflation, resulting in stingier cost-of-living increases for future Social Security retirees, among other effects.
2081	Estimates of the net budget savings of the same provisions by the Congressional Budget Office are $16.4 billion for the Senate bill and $15.9 billion for the House Committee bill.
2082	Estonia, a country of 1.3 million people, gets more than 90 percent of its electricity needs from oil shale - by far the world's most shale-dependent country.
2083	Ethiopia has laid a solid foundation to sustain and accelerate the decline in child mortality, the report confirms.
2084	Ethiopian and ASKY will use the new cargo hub in Lomé for conveying goods and commodities between West Africa and the rest of the world.
2085	Ethiopian rivals Meseret Defar and Tirunesh Dibaba rarely race each other outside of major championships, yet the winners of the past three Olympic titles over 5,000 will clash over that distance in Zurich.
2086	EUGENE, Ore. - Bombs are serious business: the local explosives disposal unit gets 120 calls per year in Lane County alone.
2087	EUGENE, Ore. -- Now celebrating a quarter-century of serving up stuffing, yams and turkey at the annual Whiteaker Thanksgiving Dinner, organizers expect give away over 2,000 meals.
2088	EULEX, in a statement, said the five had been investigated "for war crimes against the civilian population in the form of violation of bodily integrity and health of civilians held in a KLA detention center located in Likovc, Skenderaj municipality".
2089	EU migrant curb policy 'farcical'
2090	European foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton talks with journalists as she arrives for an Informal …
2091	Euro zone finance ministers agreed late on Thursday to set aside 60 billion euros for banks via the fund.
2092	Evan Spiegel, the 22-year-old co-founder, says he chose to base Snapchat on the beach because of the proximity to the millions of tourists who walk by every year.
2093	Even 72 years after the attack on Pearl Harbor that pulled the United States into World War II, numerous states and organizations are commemorating the “day which will live in infamy.”
2094	Even after Congress cracked down on marijuana in 1937, farmers were encouraged to grow the crop for rope, sails and parachutes during World War II.
2095	Even as Boise State never actually became an official member of the Big East, the university will still be required to pay a $10 million exit fee.
2096	Even as Obama's Syrian policy teetered on the abyss, things kept moving forward on the Asia-Pacific Pivot.
2097	Even as the death benefits issue was resolved, a broader threat continues.
2098	Even at that, he's considered a piker.
2099	Even before Ratliff's career game last Saturday, the Pioneers had seen plenty of him and the Greyhounds.
2100	Even better: Set out some veggies and hummus or a bowl of clementines.
2101	Even bright flames start to dim with time.
2102	Even his being on the Back Cove starting line is tinged with doubt, so he was planning a test 6-miler around Eagle Lake "to see where I'm at."
2103	Even if bonds aren’t likely to provide the same type of returns that they have over the past 30 years, they play an important role in well-designed investment plans.
2104	Even if professors are able to successfully form a union, they still must negotiate a contract with the school — a process in which students can play an indirect role as well.
2105	Even if they could meet their crush one day, would that person reject them?
2106	"Even if we chase those who are caught watching pornography, the next day or week they change their hairstyles and come back," the librarian said, expressing concern that minor children who also use the library might be exposed to the sexual activities.
2107	Even if you can't pronounce "Islendingadagurinn," you're still welcome to channel your inner Viking out at the Icelandic Festival of Manitoba in Gimli this weekend.
2108	"Even in my offseason, I'm like, `Can you just rest for a second?
2109	Even more of the mangroves have been sacrificed for shrimp ponds that feed international demand for the small crustaceans, Ulrich Saint-Paul of the University of Bremen's Leibniz Center for Tropical Marine Ecology, told DW.
2110	Even Quenneville couldn’t sugarcoat the power play this time.
2111	Even some of the progressive congressmen try to talk him out of it.
2112	Even the official hostesses wore long beige parkas.
2113	Even the U.S. citizens can't trust U.S. politicians, why should the Iranians after what they've been through at the hands of America?
2114	"Even though he wasn't on his 'A' game today he was able to come back," said Fisher.
2115	Even though Mr Bo's comments were undoubtedly censored, it is clear he attempted to reach beyond the Jinan courtroom.
2116	Even though Penaflor had only wandered about 3 miles away from where he was last seen near the Bloody Rock area of the Mendocino National Forest, search and rescue crews in the area still had not found him after looking for two weeks.
2117	Even though the Illini got decent shots, nothing was falling.
2118	Even though the researcher demonstrated his exploit on Chrome for Android, Google also fixed the vulnerabilities in Chrome for Windows, Mac and Linux, as well as in Chrome Frame plug-in for Internet Explorer.
2119	Even though you are overexposed to Southeast Missourian reprints from The Wall Street Journal, this is one you will likely not see since it was a rousing defense of the NSA's surveillance program under President Obama.
2120	Even troubled India has about $270 billion in foreign exchange reserves, equivalent to about five months of imports, compared with less than one month's worth back in 1990 when India suffered a balance of payments crisis, according to Fitch analysts.
2121	EVENT STARTS---ESPN's Kenny Mayne, a hometown guy, is the master of ceremonies tonight.
2122	Eventually he decided to give up, bringing the incident to a close, Iafrate said.
2123	Even with flights resuming, the airlines recommended that travelers check their websites before heading out to the airport.
2124	Even within the UK, she has given no lead on LGBT rights.
2125	Even without graduated starters Dusty Kincaid and Connor Chapman, Winfield expects to have a solid pitching rotation behind Dillon and cast.
2126	"Everybody in the country has the responsibility to help these people to heal their wounds.
2127	Everybody is supporting everything that is wrong, forgetting about God and going against everything that's right.
2128	"Everybody thinks about that year and they're like of course you suffered from depression dealing with vision loss,” said Molly.
2129	Every day, he breathed in air filled with the smoke of burning metals, chemicals, and human waste.
2130	''Every decision I've made, everything we've done in this facility has been done with one thing in mind,'' Philbin said.
2131	Everyone deserves a chance, I just hope once he's clean his agents stop sending him to drink fuelled corporate events.
2132	Everyone except the clerics.
2133	“Everyone has a cellphone with a camera on it,” Hastings said.
2134	Everyone here at Benjamin Franklin is committed to providing the highest quality service to our customers with every job we do, no matter how big or small."
2135	"Everyone I knew would go to Daytona Beach and the Redneck Riviera and just f--k and get drunk — you know, as a rite of passage.
2136	Everyone is in a very positive mood and this is certainly the beginning of something much bigger in Palma.
2137	Everyone jumped on him for not knowing what he was doing while pursuing a head coach.
2138	Everyone knows she doesn't have one.
2139	Every one of its 521 homes was damaged or destroyed, and the storm surge split the narrow borough in half, cutting between the Atlantic Ocean and Barnegat Bay a new channel that took a massive emergency construction project to fill in.
2140	Every one of my friends secretly wants to date a Gatsby, and who can blame them?
2141	Everyone wants their social security but no one is willing to pay their share.
2142	“Everyone will rush in to offer assistance and investment,” he said.
2143	Everything begins to make perfect sense, and everything begins to come easier.
2144	Everything commercial seems a complete sham.
2145	Everything is back to normal.
2146	Every town should have a group willing to talk about making their town better and doing something about it.
2147	Every year, hordes of young people leave school with a meagre set of grades, facing the prospect of a "no room in the inn" labour market that is especially brutal at entry level.
2148	Every year there seems to be a big coach crash, Especially during the summer months, Given the amount of coaches on the roads its almost inevitable.
2149	Exactly, and that is the problem.
2150	Except that every time I turn around, my husband’s stretched out on the darned thing.
2151	Except: You can already have this amazing concoction any time you want, including right now.
2152	Exchanges go through daily checks before trading begins, and when changes are made to an exchange's technology.
2153	"Exciting the whole way."
2154	Executive Director of the Consumer Protection Agency (CPA), Kofi Owusuhene is upset with the World Bank and its affiliate Bretton Woods institutions for their insistence that government removes all social safety nets for the citizenry.
2155	Executive Officer Gary Keller with the South Salt Lake Police Department was emotional too.
2156	Executive Producer Elliott Broidy debuts highly acclaimed movie in DC, with Director Rotimi Rainwater in attendance, following a Congressional screening in June.
2157	Executives today get an increasing part of their severance payout in stock, and severance contracts cost more after shares surged amid the economic recovery, Elson says.
2158	Exercise Ball: You have to get off balance to really develop your core stability muscles.
2159	Exhibits include evidence of numerous shipwrecks around the Outer Banks, the result of treacherous seas.
2160	Expected to be a technological breakthrough, it instead crumbled, taking the company's entire hardware business with it.
2161	"Expensive projects will be indefinitely postponed," Societe Generale said.
2162	Experts have also expressed concern that the physician shortage in the United States will only get worse in coming years due to the influx of newly insured patients.
2163	Experts see it as the foundation of Germany's current economic strength in the midst of an international debt crisis.
2164	Explaining the use of Lingala, the former Bozizé fighter said, "We used that language to commit those crimes because whenever we used it, the people of the CAR were ready to give up and comply much more easily."
2165	Exposing this may mean that I will never be invited to work in the public school again, but its the right thing to do.
2166	External factors have been stacked against England throughout this series - notably three lost tosses, home pitch conditions and the loss of Trott, previously the bedrock of the team - but these do not excuse a fundamentally negative attitude.
2167	Facebook advertising targets people's interests, not pages, and we do not select the pages our adverts appear on."
2168	Facebook currently uses member profile data to encourage you to give gifts to your friends with birthdays and anniversaries, as listed in the right-hand sidebar.
2169	Facebook is riddled with pages and groups w..
2170	Facebook was alerted to the bug by a member of its "White Hat" program who checks the site's code for glitches and other loopholes.
2171	Facing renewed controversy about the safety of energy drinks, Monster Energy Corp. has decided to market its products as beverages instead of dietary supplements.
2172	Factors besides the “Hunger Games” series are fueling the archery boom.
2173	Facts you'll never read from the AP or from Yahoo News!
2174	Fairphone, founded by designer Bas van Abel in 2010, is seeking incremental gains.
2175	Falcons safety Thomas DeCoud left early in a loss at Green Bay with a head injury.
2176	Fall will continue with mild weather according to one Environment Canada meteorologist.
2177	Families planning to hit up all of the best neighborhoods in town this Halloween can rely on the efficient 2014 Toyota Yaris.
2178	Fans shelter from the rain during the London Olympic Games 2012 Opening Ceremony at the Olympic Stadium, London.
2179	Fantasy football player “Ricky L.” had one fateful week in 2011.
2180	Farazmand’s younger brother Soroush, the band’s guitarist, was on his own bed with a laptop; Rafie shot him through the chest.
2181	Farmers are always optimistic, Northey says.
2182	Farmers of Targo village, south of Garsila claim that on Sunday morning, "pro-government militiamen riding horses and camels" beat them with whips and rifle butts, kicked them, and stole their donkeys, horses and farming implements.
2183	Farther north, in the ethnic Chinese-majority state of Penang, known for its electronics factories and beach resorts, the National Front was trounced so badly, its state chief immediately resigned.
2184	Features stats, playoffs and a great gym.
2185	Federal jury convicts 2 Hawaii men on meth charges - 08:39 a.m.
2186	Federal officials have given Dana Air a two-month window to complete insurance payments to the bereaved, Obi said.
2187	Fed officials also discussed other ways they could continue stimulating the economy.
2188	Fed officials generally agreed that the risks of an economic downturn have diminished since the Fed began the bond purchases in September.
2189	Fed sets target rates for interest and manipulates the money supply to achieve close to target rates; very complicated.
2190	Feds shut down Fung Wah bus service between Boston, New York after investigation by WBZ-TV - cbsloc.
2191	Feel free to pass this on.
2192	Feeling as though his father and his peers didn't accept that, he began to retreat into a fantasy world, Sweeney said.
2193	Feldman got off a shaky start, allowing a leadoff single and a walk before striking out Raul Ibanez with two outs and runners at second and third.
2194	Felix Hernandez pronounced himself ready for his first Cactus League start, slated for Thursday, after all went well in a 39-pitch simulated game on Sunday morning.
2195	Female tourists worry for their safety and are no longer keen on India as a holiday destination.
2196	Fences separate them from the 200 women and some 11 children, housed in a low-slung building around a courtyard.
2197	Feral hogs continued to plague some areas.
2198	Ferdinand became the youngest defender to play for England when he made his international debut as a 19-year-old against Cameroon at Wembley in November 1997.
2199	Fernando Diaz, a 34-year-old maintenance worker, recently hit another car while driving a motorcycle with his 13-year-old daughter in an impoverished neighborhood in the capital.
2200	Few countries have experienced such massive and rapid demographic change with such little violent backlash and rancour.
2201	Fifteen percent of users reported failures when it came to battery life, and 15 percent found that Nokia's Lumia smartphone sometimes becomes too hot.
2202	Fifty-one people, 36 of them insurgents, were killed in those attacks, which — besides Kabul — hit several other cities.
2203	Fighting and violence is wrong.
2204	Fight is still on Sunni land but people by now see how incompetent rebels are in running country.
2205	Filatov: The underachieving winger bolted the Ottawa Senators last May to sign a two-year contract with the KHL’s Salavat Yulaev.
2206	FILE - This 2004 file image released by NBC shows actor Dennis Farina in character as Police Detective Joe Fontana on NBC's "Law & Order."
2207	FILE - This Aug. 26, 2013 file photo shows Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel speaking in Jakarta, Indone …
2208	Film Independent @ LACMA presents Gregory Crewdson: Brief Encounters tonight at 7:30 pm.
2209	• Final judging will be on Dec. 10. Between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., each finalist will bring four dozen of his or her finished cookies to our offices on the fifth floor at One City Center in Portland.
2210	Finally, a CEO with hands on compassion for his employees!
2211	Finally she saw Murphy's head hit the floor.
2212	Finance Minister Lou Jiwei appeared to try to lower expectations last week when he told reporters that growth as low as 6.5 percent would be tolerable.
2213	Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa's budget is expected to address re-capitalisation of critical areas(Credit: kwanele.
2214	FINANCIAL institutions have been advised to use the latest technologies to stop fraudsters who target banks and automated teller machines (ATMs).
2215	Financial terms were not disclosed, but the South Florida Sun-Sentinel on Thursday said the deal was worth $250 million and included the operation of the team's arena, the BB&T Center.
2216	• Finders Records, Bowling Green, Ohio, exit 181: Since 1971, a great vinyl record store, wood floors, incense.
2217	Find it on magazines newsstands or at modernwoman.
2218	Find out his favor.
2219	Fineberg said the city wouldn’t get any cash with this grant.
2220	Fine dining for locals is now offered courtesy of LeGrand's Steak and Seafood.
2221	Fine, fine, fine I'll just go to a restaurant and eat truffles!
2222	Fine, just make sure the TV ministries don't hide behind some fabricated work they're involved with in Africa.
2223	Fire crews had been called for a blaze in a portable exterior restroom area, according to the report.
2224	Firefox OS: Are you ready for a new operating system?
2225	First and foremost is the paradigm shift from addiction as moral choice to addiction as a chronic, relapsing brain disease characterized by a compulsive need to use, despite harmful consequences.
2226	First assistant Jefferson Parish prosecutor Steve Wimberly says Rickey Jefferson and two other defendants apologized to the officers and that the Sheriff's Department is in "complete agreement" with prosecutors' decision to work out a plea deal.
2227	First, it was a Starbucks barista, where Roberts stopped for coffee in suburban Maryland on Tuesday, before he heard arguments on California's Prop. 8 gay-marriage ban.
2228	“First of all, I want to tell you that there more Arabs who live in Jewish neighborhoods than Jews in Arab neighborhoods.”
2229	"First of all, Skyline was a voter-approved decision in the district he (Snyder) lives in," Margolis said.
2230	First practice of the first day is good.'
2231	First, the Nordiques moved because they..
2232	First, the obvious math makes sense.
2233	FISCAL DISUNION: Some analysts say the German refusal to contribute serves as a reminder of how far the eurozone remains from any kind of common responsibility for state finances - such as sharing the future costs of winding up bailed-out banks.
2234	Fisher Houses have up to 21 suites, with private bedrooms and baths.
2235	Fisher is scheduled to present his findings on Jahi's prospects in court today, when the family will press Judge Evelio Grillo to allow Paul Byrne, a pediatric professor at the University of Toledo, to perform an additional evaluation of Jahi.
2236	Fisher pretends to uphold diversity (in order to produce “education benefits,” not social justice), while instructing lower courts to strike down affirmative action programs unless they satisfy almost impossibly high standards of necessity.
2237	Fishing expeditions on political-sounding names is just stupid, if not venal.
2238	Fish was the BBC's main television weatherman in 1987 but famously denied that a major storm was on its way just hours before it hit.
2239	Fish, who had been struggling with a knee problem all week, is set to undergo a scan on his knee on Monday.
2240	Fittingly, they will host the Oregon Ducks again.
2241	Five Days on the Triumph Cruise Ship -- or a Lifetime in an Urban Slum?
2242	Five different receivers caught passes from Halloran, including the biggest, a 39-yard scoring strike to Tyson Pillard.
2243	Five more crews landed safely on the lunar surface in the three years that followed Apollo 11. A pair of tongs used by Apollo 12 astronauts Charles Conrad and Alan Bean to collect moon rocks is also part of the "Nixon and the U.S. Space Program" exhibit.
2244	Five of the first eight he nailed!
2245	Five Washington counties have seen outbreaks in gonorrhea.
2246	Flags are seen as important expressions of cultural identity in Northern Ireland, with Unionists and Protestants generally giving allegiance to the union flag.
2247	Flake said Mandela's visits to Washington underscored his ability to bring people together.
2248	Flanked by industry, transit, bicycle and University District business representatives, McGinn said studies are urgent so the city does not risk losing federal transit funds to other metropolitan areas.
2249	Flinn hiked to the site and admired the mature trees.
2250	Florida is long overdue for a direct hurricane hit, according to AccuWeather meteorologist Dan Kottlowski.
2251	Floriole's fudgy brownies are made with Valrhona triple chocolate, and their almond crème croissant and fruit galette are also worth a try.
2252	Folks living past a certain age are susceptible to cancer, memory diseases, broken hips, heart attacks, etc..
2253	Following a blockbuster report from Goldman Sachs (GS), shares Bank of America briefly rose above $14 in early trading Tuesday, topping a level not seen since 2011.
2254	Following Lavabit's closure, Silent Circle also shut down its secure email service, while calling the move a preemptive one rather than something precipitated by a government subpoena or warrant.
2255	Food service firm Sysco announced the week’s most significant merger, a US$3.5 billion takeover of rival US Foods.
2256	For 2013, Vespa has the LX 50 and Vespa S 50.
2257	“For 90 percent of our customers, this isn’t going to impact them.
2258	"For a Canadian artist, I think it's really great to be in a context where there are so many great artists from all around the world," he told CBC News.
2259	For activities of less than an hour's duration, water's all they need - two-thirds of a cup of ice-cold water every 20 minutes of activity for kids weighing less than 90 pounds and a full cup for kids weighing more.
2260	For all of these reasons, the Massachusetts Bar Association, Massachusetts Academy of Trial Attorneys, and the Massachusetts Medical Society worked diligently for more than a year to create a law that puts patients first and promotes patient safety.
2261	For almost a decade, his vision was right.
2262	"For almost three years no one dared talk about this story,’’ she says.
2263	For a long time I don't have a strong opinion on it simply because I don't know the subject well enough.
2264	For any who dumbly say "well maybe he IS a terrorist", "He LOOKS like one" and so on…
2265	For a passenger looking for simplicity at a transient time, however, the Capsule Hotel does what it's supposed to do.
2266	For a public person, a governor, these decisions are terribly personal.
2267	For a Windows computer and an iPad, MaxiVista is a popular program.
2268	Forbes has perhaps the best analysis, with enough details of the deal, which is more of an investment than a pledge to help -- a welcome shift.
2269	For California evacuees, the Red Cross opened centers in Lancaster and Palmdale, where about 150 residents awaited word on when they could return home.
2270	For decades, the federal government subsidized flood insurance rates.
2271	For details on how the program works and to see sample menu items, check out their website or visit their Facebook page.
2272	For details, visit beckershealthcare.
2273	Ford Motor Co.’s app developer program, called Sync AppLink, “is a way for (the company) not to worry about the next big app,” said product manager Julius Marchwicki.
2274	Ford rose two per cent after the company said it would double its quarterly dividend to 10 cents.
2275	Ford wants the casino.
2276	For each additional year you work, your risk of dementia falls 3.2%, said Carole Dufouil, a French scientist.
2277	Foreign visitors take photographs as baby orphaned elephants return back for feeding time after spending the day in Nairobi National Park, at the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust elephant orphanage in Nairobi, Kenya.
2278	For example, if the startup recommends a user switch to a low-cost service such as E-Trade, then E-Trade would pay a referral fee for that customer.
2279	For example, it authorizes the use of a drone for tracking someone fleeing a crime scene, surveying environmental disasters, assisting with search and rescue operations and reconstructing crime scenes.
2280	For example, Jamaica-born John Barnes won 79 England football caps during the 1980s and 1990s while South Africa-born batsmen Kevin Pietersen and Jonathan Trott are both current England cricket internationals.
2281	For example, Samsung started as a trading company, moved to food processing, textiles, insurance and retail, and then on to electronics, shipbuilding, engineering, construction and aerospace, just to name a few.
2282	For example, the Hubble telescope photos show that ISON is already becoming quite active, though it's still pretty far from our star.
2283	For example, when one person needs electricity to power their city’s grid, they might ask another person who has a city elsewhere on the web for power.
2284	For government health care programs already facing economic strain, these estimates are daunting, researchers and advocates say.
2285	For hard-core conservatives--like the ones McCain battled over moving the budget to conference committee--it is a capitulation party.
2286	For instance, while more than 2 million federal workers may face unpaid furloughs for a day or two a week, those furloughs likely wouldn't start before April.
2287	For instance, while noting that black unemployment has “remained almost twice as high as white unemployment,” Obama also mentioned that “Latino unemployment” was close behind.
2288	For its part, T-Mobile has promised a 10MHz by 10MHz LTE network, and claims that with MetroPCS' combined assets, it'll be able to grow up to a 20MHz by 20MHz network.
2289	For long periods this made it impossible to publish a newspaper that challenged the system without evading the taxes and thus risking imprisonment.
2290	Formally called Homo floresiensis,the species of three-foot-tall early humans likely vanished from Flores, and history, about 12,000 years ago.
2291	"For many farmers, rubber is more important than cassava now," N'Guesssan told IRIN.
2292	For many of these allies, Firefox OS provides a way to loosen the mobile marketplace control of Apple and Google, which control not only their operating systems but also the app stores used to distribute software.
2293	For many, the science may be robust but demonstrations of efficacy have proved elusive, inconsistent or marginal.
2294	For mathematicians looking for ways to break new ground, however, the news could represent an answer to their prayers.
2295	"For me as an activist, who has worked on the issue for three years", says Sessouma Daouda, "the victims are not sufficiently protected."
2296	Former Attorney General William Schneider is on the OPM staff.
2297	Former Chancellor Alistair Darling said he was warned that Universal Credit would be "very difficult, if not impossible" to introduce at an acceptable cost.
2298	Former detainees from Cameroon told Amnesty that they were subjected to "invasive procedures such as forced anal exams" while in custody, the report says.
2299	Former environment minister Peter Kent was fond of pointing out that Canada was halfway to meeting its 2020 greenhouse gas target.
2300	◆ Former Michigan quarterback Denard Robinson is an intriguing prospect for an NFL team looking for the next Devin Hester.
2301	Former NHL player Alexander Radulov has two goals and three points.
2302	Former Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge, who also served as the first secretary of homeland security, after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, will help deliver the awards.
2303	Former Rep. Gabby Giffords listens as President Barack Obama speaks in the White House Rose Garden about Congress' vote on Wednesday on gun background checks.
2304	Former San Diego Mayor Maureen O'Connor, right, walks to federal court in San Diego on Thursday with her attorney, Eugene Iredale.
2305	Former Thanet School Games organiser Phil Pittock pleaded guilty to a string of charges at Canterbury Crown Court.
2306	Former U.S. secretary of defence Donald Rumsfeld is the subject of a new documentary by Errol Morris, The Unknown Known, which was screened at the Toronto International Film Festival.
2307	Former Utah forward Carlos Boozer added a double-double with 22 points and 10 rebounds.
2308	Former Vice President Dick Cheney, in an appearance on “Fox News Sunday,” defended the newly disclosed electronic surveillance programs operated by the government and called the former N.S.A. contract worker who disclosed them a traitor.
2309	For more information about juncos and a terrific new movie, "Ordinary Extraordinary Junco," visit www.juncoproject.org. The download is free.
2310	For more information about the Arizona VFW educational partnership with Excelsior College visit either the VFW partnership or Excelsior College partnership page, email veterans(at)excelsior(dot)edu or call 888-647-2388.
2311	For more information on the helpline, click here.
2312	For more information visit www.Luhrsen.com or call (866) 957-4878 or (941) 957-4878.
2313	For more stargazing tips visit www.stargazersclubwa.com.au.
2314	For more visit NBCNewYork.
2315	“For most people (with food), they wouldn’t even reach 0.05 after two or three drinks,” Fell said.
2316	For now, Attenborough is delighted to have the queen as a figurehead to their sport, particularly as it is now competing for audiences with counter attractions such as the English Premier League and team sports like rugby and cricket.
2317	For now, Scorsone said he thought there was a low probability of Detroit filing for bankruptcy, and many experts following the situation generally seemed to agree.
2318	For one, it would add further to Pakistan’s many deep-rooted security concerns.
2319	For other parts of the budget - defense, national parks, research, etc. - the government decides every year how much to spend.
2320	Foroyaa: What plans do you have for the future?
2321	For periods of the match, including early in the fifth set, Novak Djokovic appeared to be flying toward the final.
2322	Forrest1959: Ya notice how no ones concerned anymore about all the people dying, now that the powers that be have their "DEALS" made.
2323	For Rich Hirschmann and Richard Acker, the disappointment of their first attempt to get married will take a while to wear off.
2324	For seven successful years, and a proud 1,688 episodes, Angela hosted the popular and critically-acclaimed "Angela” talk show which ran weekday afternoons on WWL-TV.
2325	For seven years, Tiresias lived as a woman, even giving birth to a child.
2326	"For six years, this has been an emotional roller coaster, in every way," he says.
2327	For some time now, the recruitment of five-star Norcross (Ga.) defensive end Lorenzo Carter was thought to be essentially a two-team race between Georgia and Alabama.
2328	For songs about constancy, Yo La Tengo finds musical metaphors in drones and unswerving drumbeats.
2329	For starters, you need to be ready and have time to devote to the process.
2330	For that, he won a box of Crayolas and a coloring book.
2331	For that moment in time, however, any horse can be something special.
2332	For the Bethlehem Christian Academy Knights, it’s game week.
2333	For the customer, this is a very nice experience.
2334	For the first 10 hours, officers refused to allow him to use the bathroom or provide food and water, Tohti said in an interview.
2335	"For the first time in my life, I feel welcome in my own state."
2336	For the first time, Lopez has shared his terrifying story in the nation's highest court.
2337	For the first time since the wildfire broke out around Yosemite National Park, dense smoke began to obscure the region's majestic mountain views, park officials said.
2338	For the GOP’s political consultants, the effort’s real purpose is to win future elections.
2339	''For the last few years I've been playing left, and that's fine with me,'' he said.
2340	For the longest time, all her closest friends were from that tribe but when she relocated from Nairobi to a town in Western Kenya, things changed.
2341	For them, the 23-year-old woman, whose name has not been revealed, has become a heroine a symbol of the fight for women's rights in India.
2342	For the natural gas in Buzi to be economically viable there should be at least 1.5 trillion cubic feet of gas for domestic consumption and electricity generation.
2343	For the next three hours, the harbour was dotted with participants swimming against the stunning backdrop of the Hong Kong skyline filled with skyscrapers and mountains lit up by the morning sun.
2344	For the purposes of this particular study, the term "employees" refers to individuals that are employed both full and part time, as well as self-employed individuals.
2345	For the Rev. Antonio Spadaro, a Jesuit and editor of the Vatican-sanctioned magazine La Civiltà Cattolica, the most important change Francis brought to the papacy is his knack for “significant gestures that immediately convey very powerful messages.”
2346	For the sake of full disclosure, I am a friend of Eve's and have worked with her on many occasions, including helping launch OBR in India.
2347	For the years of the contract, and the price, he has as much 'upside' as does anyone else does.
2348	“For this, I hope they never get out,” said the man, a retiree who had lived in the area for nearly 40 years.
2349	For this year, net profit is predicted to reach NT$1.25 billion (NT$8.87 per share), while revenue would increase 8.53 percent to NT$14.54 billion, with an operating margin of 10.44 percent, Chu said in the report.
2350	For those looking for work on campus, it’s a little-advertised option to consider.
2351	For those whose interests extend beyond the outfield wall, the Mesa Arts Center offers live music, dance, comedy and theater performances, plus gallery spaces and free lunchtime concerts.
2352	FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) - Former Cincinnati Bengals star Chad Johnson is being released immediately from jail after apologizing to a judge for lack of respect when he slapped his attorney on the backside in court last week.
2353	Fortunately for him, it fell to an Ivorian defender and the ball was cleared.
2354	Fortunately, the crowds that did see Turbo liked what they saw and gave it an "A" CinemaScore grade, which could help word-of-mouth in the future, though there's almost no chance the film matches its budget domestically.
2355	… For us, what we accomplished, with this strong international field, is more than standing on top of that podium," Wagner said.
2356	For we are family.
2357	For weeks in Turkey, protesters have denounced Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan as an autocrat even though his party has won successive elections for the past decade.
2358	For what it’s worth, this new Gear ad is getting panned so far, with just over 2,000 YouTube “likes” compared to a whopping 10,500+ “dislikes.”
2359	For years, the federal government did not carry any liability for the inevitable cost of cleaning up nuclear waste.
2360	For years, the Jewish-Arab socialist party was unknown to all but a few Israeli academics, artists, unemployed women and workers represented by the party's labor union.
2361	Foster is entitled to her privacy, as well as her right to not engage with the broader LGBT community.
2362	Fouad Talhaoui and Imad Amghar scored for the hosts.
2363	Foucrault said the autopsies will include toxicology tests, as well as examinations into whether any accelerant such as alcohol or gasoline was found on the bodies.
2364	Founded by writer and environmentalist Bill McKibben and a group of friends, the organization has hundreds of thousands of members worldwide.
2365	Founded in 1945, CARE is a leading humanitarian organization fighting global poverty and providing lifesaving assistance in emergencies.
2366	Founded in 1972, the company now operates more than 500 stores in 41 states.
2367	Four China Hainan Airlines planes would repatriate the passengers on Sunday, Chinese consul Chen Junjie confirmed.
2368	"Four million of them are children - the equivalent of every primary school pupil in England.
2369	Four months later, Adam Rickwood, a 14-year-old boy with a history of mental health issues, was involved in an altercation with Serco staff at Hassockfield secure training centre, in County Durham, where he was on remand for an alleged wounding charge.
2370	Four months later, Thicke recanted when threatened with legal action.
2371	Four of the state’s six public universities made a new list of schools that offer the most bang for the buck.
2372	Four or more drinks at one time is considered a binge.
2373	Four people with knowledge of the matter said the closure of the accounts was likely to be a key recommendation of a broad review that Pope Francis has ordered of the bank, whose scandal-tainted history has long been an embarrassment for the Holy See.
2374	Four-time Major winner Ernie Els of South Africa struggled to a 71 for tied 41st place on 140.
2375	Fowler, chief medical examiner of Maryland, said marks on Todd's hands cited by Adelstein on Tuesday as proof of a fight with killers in his apartment were “the most classical example of post-mortem lividities'' in hanging cases.
2376	Fowsia is paying an official visit to China from Aug. 22 to 28.
2377	Foy said wardens believe the suspect was Dorner.
2378	FPA did not quote anonymous sources.
2379	France and Germany say they’ll have nothing to do with Cameron’s review.
2380	France has also increased defence ties with Israel.
2381	France is under pressure from its euro zone neighbors to deliver on promised reforms to boost competitiveness and cut spending, and Socialist President Francois Hollande has promised to tackle the country's indebted pension system.
2382	France's ruling Socialist Party has already expressed misgivings about the free trade pact, particularly on regards to French cultural and film subsidies.
2383	France's Senate on Wednesday approved the crucial first article of a bill granting gay couples the right to marry, clearing the way for a law that has sparked protests from conservatives and religious groups.
2384	France, which launched air strikes in Mali 11 days ago to halt a surprise Islamist offensive toward the capital Bamako, has urged a swift deployment of the U.N.-mandated African force to back up its 2,150-strong ground forces already there.
2385	Franchitti, 40, underwent two surgeries on his ankle and recently returned home to Scotland to recover.
2386	Franco, 47, replaces Athletics pitcher Jack Quinn in the record book who was 46 years, 357 days old when he homered in June of 1930.
2387	Franco, a Salt, Light, Health activist in Mtimbe, talks to his neighbors during his monthly visits to weigh children and chart growth to ensure healthy development.
2388	Frankfort said Tuesday that Coach is making progress in becoming a "global lifestyle brand," including efforts to build its men's business.
2389	FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — German chemicals firm BASF said Friday that its third-quarter net profit rose 18.5 percent, helped by a better performance from its key business making industrial materials that other companies turn into finished goods.
2390	FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The euro is gaining in popularity - at least among criminals.
2391	Frank hit a bad pass into the wind, Frank said, but Puget was called for touching the net.
2392	Franklin County officials say the Juniper Dunes Recreation Area north of Pasco could be a tourist attraction if there were a public road to reach it.
2393	Frankly, most shoppers want to avoid trans fat.”
2394	Frans Nielsen and Andrew McDonald are among the NHL's top 10 underrated players.
2395	Frazier and his wife had cared for him in their suburban Philadelphia home during his final years.
2396	Free enterprise cannot be free when it is burdened with the weight of a yesteryear, which created mass inequity, so directly by law.
2397	Free screenings for blood pressure, osteoporosis, hearing, vision, blood sugar and oral cancer.
2398	Free trade within Europe is good for us but we don't want the constricting and sometimes stupid legislation, which many other European countries ignore to our disadvantage.
2399	Frenchman Franck Ribery (pictured above) rounded out the list of three contenders.
2400	French troops have beefed up patrols after a bloody Christmas in the strife-torn capital, where more than 1,000 are believed to have been killed in three weeks of conflict between Christians and Muslims.
2401	Freshman guard James Young also hammered one high-flying dunk and rookie forward Marcus Lee was every bit as bouncy as advertised, blocking multiple shots and slamming one home.
2402	Fresno Sheriff Margaret Mims says a manhunt in that terrain is very different than what deputies would face in a city.
2403	Friday Poll: Now will you buy an Xbox One or a PS4?
2404	Fried apple pie with vidalia onion-bacon ice cream will also on the menu, too.
2405	Friedrich has referred to Roma migrants as 'unwanted guests'
2406	Friends and families of celebrities were targeted, Edis said, and sometimes people were even caught up at random.
2407	From 2009 through 2011,about 31.6% of the population lived in poverty for at least two months, while just 3.5% of Americans were poor for all 36 of those months.
2408	From a public opinion standpoint, the question is whether Zimmerman committed a crime for which he was acquitted.
2409	From Chanel and Valentino to Elie Saab, discover the most beautiful bridal wear that went down the catwalk this Fall/Winter 2013-2014 Couture Week.
2410	From Clinton Square, the focus moved to City Hall Commons for a celebration of Irish heritage, including many of the city's step-dancing troupes.
2411	From Europe, ambassadors from Britain and Italy are also accredited but are based in Nairobi.
2412	From its early years and through today, a dichotomy exists between the race's spectators: the celebrities, millionaires and royalty in the clubhouse, and a more raucous party going on in the infield.
2413	From Rodriguez's point of view, the moment he declared himself free, he may well have taken a look around baseball and realized that not so many teams out there could afford to pay him the way the Yankees had.
2414	From the coast of New England to rugged shores of Australia, you'll find these beautiful guiding lights in every shape, size and colour.
2415	From the day that Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi took office, on June 30, 2012, opposition cartoonists have been brazen in their attacks on him.
2416	From the early 1930s, tens of thousands of Jewish refugees who fled Europe made Shanghai their home.
2417	From the federal government on down, elected officials have drawn attention to poverty by spending temporary amounts of time on restricted budgets.
2418	From the looks of the attached photo – courtesy of the Cicero Fire Department – it was a pretty intense fire.
2419	Front stoops are located wherever three-flat apartment buildings can be found.
2420	Fuel subsidies are unjust, says economist, Ari Perdana, who works for the National Team for Accelerating Poverty Reduction TNP2K.
2421	Fullback Connor Neighbors, who had a 52-yard catch and run Saturday, already feels the difference between prepping for Auburn and prepping for UAB and Kent State.
2422	Funeral services for Mrs. Bracewell will be held at the First Baptist Church of Bristol on Wednesday, December 4, at 3:00 pm (EST) with interment to follow at Meacham Cemetery in Bristol.
2423	Funny~~ but, oh, I bet his landing was a little rough.
2424	Furby has a new little sister — or maybe brother.
2425	Further, Brandt Snedeker and Matt Kuchar are making cases that they are threats to win every week on Tour.
2426	Further details, including information on the musical performers, will be announced March 12, but Jacobsen said the music will appeal to a wide range of tastes.
2427	Further, this is a joint NATO aircraft being developed and paid for by those countries to whom it will be ultimately delivered: USA, Britain, Canada, Italy, Turkey, Denmark, the Netherlands, Australia and Norway.
2428	Gabbert won't need surgery, but he will wear a protective brace while the bone heals.
2429	Gabelli, though, said he had only played poker once, seven years earlier.
2430	GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) -- Florida center Pat Young knows something is coming.
2431	"Gallup has addressed this issue by making the transition back to an RDD list – assisted landline sample, which is now underway."
2432	Game 2 of the Eastern Conference final belonged to the Boston Bruins, who dominated the Pittsburgh Penguins from the get-go with a 6-1 win.
2433	Game 4 on Tuesday at Nassau Coliseum delivered another frenzied night, as the Penguins and Isles traded goals all contest.
2434	Games and gambling sites are popular targets for purveyors of malware, "phishing" exploits and phony downloads such as PDFs or browser updates.
2435	Gandhi faced is accusers and, in fact spent many years in prison.
2436	Gangs is a liberal media code word.
2437	Gardiner's cancer journey — the good, the bad, the peace found and the dress up — is chronicled in this film.
2438	Gardiner went ahead 6-5 when Smith scored an unassisted goal with 3:26 left in regulation.
2439	Garrett (Phillips) in goal is a very pleasant thing to have.
2440	Garrison says he is a Libertarian and that he is frustrated with the inability of both major political parties to come together on this.
2441	Gary Clark Jr. is pretty awesome.
2442	Gas station owners, realizing they still had a chance to defeat the measure before voters even saw it, expressed stern opposition to the tax at the May 20 meeting.
2443	Gates donated to the Heifer international charity on behalf of Rachel, and the stuffed cow symbolizes part of the charity’s efforts to donate animals to create sustainability in areas where hunger and poverty is common.
2444	"Gays shouldn't be allowed to adopt children," added Yvonne Raguet, 60, a proud mother, three-time grandmother and practicing Catholic who posed in front of the Paris landmark together with her husband.
2445	GAZA (Reuters) - The Islamist Hamas group said they had executed a Palestinian man in Gaza on Wednesday despite appeals from human rights groups not to hang him because he was under 18 when one of two murders for which he was convicted occurred.
2446	Gazing at his chains as if he were in a bad dream he simply has to wake up from, the brilliant Chiwetel Ejiofor places us right inside Solomon's skin, and instantly we're sharing the horror this man's life has become.
2447	Gbagbo is currently awaiting trial at the International Criminal Court.
2448	GDP growth for Europe was -0.317 for 2012 and forecasted at 0.895 for 2013, so there is plenty to be optimistic about for investors seeking above average returns (alpha)in Africa.
2449	Gehry’s design, with its references to Eisenhower’s American childhood as well as his international achievements, goes beyond the traditional man of power stereotype.
2450	Gemini (May 21-June 20): Today is a 9 -- Stop worrying about the money and get busy making it instead.
2451	General Election and Examen are among the five Lexington horses not nominated to the Triple Crown.
2452	Gen Houghton said: "Well, I think this is more an argument in Parliament than it is one within the armed forces.
2453	Genoa, the hometown of Beppe Grillo - Caccia has sympathy for him and his political movement.
2454	Gentle breezes had replaced strong winds.
2455	George Hincapie, of the United States and Cadel Evans of Australia on Team BMC talk during Wednesday's race.
2456	George Leach joins Crystal Shawanda, A Tribe Called Red, Dallas Arcand, Kathia Rock, Sagkeeng's Finest, War Party and Tanya Tagaq at The Forks on Saturday, June 22nd for the Aboriginal Day Live concert which will be broadcast on APTN.
2457	Georgia police discovered a badly burned body of a 10-year-old girl Saturday in an apartment complex's trash can -- pointed out by her father, who was standing nearby.
2458	Georgia Tech 71, No. 7 Miami 69: Georgia Tech forward Marcus Georges-Hunt, on floor, celebrates his game-winning basket in the closing seconds.
2459	Germany's DAX rose 0.2 percent to 7,729.52 while the CAC-40 in France rose almost 0.1 percent to 3,708.
2460	Germany's top court has told lawmakers to amend unconstitutional elements of an anti-terror database listing 17,000 individuals, but declared it permissible.
2461	GE's global operations give it a close look at the pace of economic growth around the world.
2462	Get an important job finished before leaving.
2463	Get her out of her neighborhood -- her home, her homelessness -- even if for just a few hours.
2464	Get on it, kids.
2465	Get them to fill back in what they have taken out of the system!
2466	Getting along swimmingly: Scientists said they find it puzzling that the sperm whales took in the dolphin calf the way they did.
2467	"Getting called up in September, that's all you can ask for is to be a factor."
2468	Getting some real peace and quiet, even for a brief moment in the day, is extremely helpful in centering the self.
2469	Get your teams logo in every color.
2470	Giants center David Baas, who was returning to the lineup after missing three games with a neck injury, hurt a knee on the play and left the field.
2471	"Gia was the most beautiful person I knew inside and out and she always smiled and made everyone else around her smile."
2472	Gill said the car belonged to a man who's wife was in labor in the passenger seat as he tried to get to Madigan Army Medical Center.
2473	Giorgi found her mother, who gave her a dose of Benadryl and monitored her.
2474	Girls as young as five are reporting concerns about their body image.
2475	Given his leading man, O'Brien might have done better with a scaled-down take on the Scottish play, perhaps updated and set in a hipster bar.
2476	Given that his age was 20 when died, he was just a kid.
2477	“Given that poor residents reside in neighborhoods saturated with a police presence, it is poor residents who will likely be disproportionately issued $100 citations for the possession of the marijuana,” the letter reads.
2478	Given that the kids are far, far more tech savvy than their parents will ever be, might they be far better spies than their parents?
2479	Given that the older guy was actually thrown out of the mosque on more than one occasion, shouldn't we instead say that these misfits were motivated by their own twisted opinions of religion?
2480	Given that you’ve taken a beating on crisis cases, what is your legacy here?
2481	Given the above scenarios any initiative on decentralization (Kokora) would have been an unattractive proposition to those who perceived they were being targeted.
2482	"Given the context of the Government of National Unity you would expect the hardliner elements in ZANU-PF to reform, however they are trying to intimidate and cow the few level headed judges ahead of elections," he said.
2483	"Given the global debate surrounding Japan, it may be hard for the BOJ to consider buying foreign bonds," said one source.
2484	Giving these companies a pass, is signing the death warrant for some of these beautiful majestic birds.
2485	Glancing through the numerous positive reviews allows the patient to choose the best practitioner for their specific tastes and preferences.
2486	'Glee's' Jane Lynch to host NBC's 'Hollywood Game Night'
2487	Glen Perchie, executive director for emergency, EMS and ambulatory care, for the Regina health region says there probably won't be an increase in doctors until the new year.
2488	GM: Is Sanogo still relevant?
2489	GNC and other online retailers, including Amazon.
2490	God Bless You, Patti, you will always remain an American Treasure.
2491	God damn I long for the good old days with Martha Quinn, Kurt Loder, and the gang.
2492	God I hope it's them, and I hope they are found safe!
2493	Going into that game … I didn't know how successful we'd be at being able to stop them.
2494	Golden colors give off fashionable luster and appear softer and more low-profile compared with pure colors.
2495	Goldman Sachs is the social media messaging site's lead underwriter, sources told CNBC.
2496	Gone are the days of low-priced knockoffs.
2497	"Gone are the days where parents are told a kid has a disability, institutionalize them and forget they ever existed," he said.
2498	Good Morning America anchor Robin Roberts revealed she has a longtime girlfriend in a Facebook post looking back at her recovery from a bone marrow transplant she underwent in September 2012.
2499	Good point, but if you have a stolen card how do you know what zip to punch in?
2500	Good things happen when a group of buddies, including filmmakers and former soccer players, get together to design a hostel inside an old biscuit factory.
2501	Good to hear some good news about the city.
2502	Good to know that the do nothing Democrats are sticking together, that way the country ha no excuse but to blame them for their complete inaction.
2503	Google abandoned Wave in 2010.
2504	Google also closed its South Korean operation in December and cut 500 jobs.
2505	Google did not announce a release timeframe for Olathe residents, noting that it still has “a lot of planning and engineering work to do.”
2506	Google's rivals, including Microsoft Corp., say the search company has been highlighting its own services on its influential results page while burying the links to competing sites.
2507	GOP leaders had yet to announce a plan heading into an emergency meeting Saturday of House Republicans.
2508	Gordillo, 68, is known as the "The Teacher" in Mexico.
2509	Gordon said the paint was damaged on the underside of a crossbeam, but that no damage was apparent to the bridge itself.
2510	"Gordon Singleton was back at the track for the first time in 10 years and served as holder for his son and several Canadian riders.
2511	Gordon’s point is not that growth will decelerate in the future, but rather that underlying productivity growth moved to a sharply lower trajectory around the year 2000.
2512	Gore has never been an MVP, and has never had a 2,000-yard season.
2513	Gosh, I hope that's not the case.
2514	Gothamist, this is beneath you.
2515	Government institutions at different levels may improve their policies, but they cannot lower the basic standards set by lawmakers.
2516	Government officials roared about her public arrest, particularly her strip search.
2517	Governors, senators, members of parliament, county ward representatives and women representatives have all been summoned to CID headquarters in Nairobi.
2518	Grammy-winning Christian singer Jason Crabb impressively drives home the theme of how genuine love can be even if there's heartache and grief on his sophomore album, "Love Is Stronger."
2519	GRAND JUNCTION, Colo.- A former Girl Scout's troop leader pleaded guilty to felony theft charges in front of a Mesa County judge Wednesday.
2520	Grandma selects and measures her ingredients carefully.
2521	GRANT BERTHIAUME won the wheelchair division in 2:19:59 despite a broken steering mechanism over the final nine miles.
2522	Grantham attended a news conference Wednesday for Georgia's class of signees.
2523	Grateful though that the Vikings made so many errors of their own.
2524	Gravesend RNLI were on the scene and retrieved a 30-year-old man from the river.
2525	Great, if the demo workers get paid by the hour.
2526	Great leaders create culture by design, while average leaders allow culture to evolve by default.
2527	Great partnership.
2528	Great Wall says the H7 will be sold under its Haval brand starting next year in markets including Australia, Italy and Russia.
2529	Greenpeace also reported that the grandstand climbers had been arrested.
2530	Greens are becoming increasingly popular, as are blues, he notes, reflecting environmental concerns that have increased demand for all sorts of earth tone shades.
2531	Gresham also runs its own water department.
2532	Grima, of Malta, is also working in Qatar.
2533	Grimes all the way!
2534	Griner is talked about among fans of the women's game the way LeBron was talked about as a high-schooler, a once-in-a-generation talent who would have a transformational effect on the sport.
2535	Griner put up 50 in one game.
2536	Groping is something serious and overtly sexual whereas there is a wider, and less serious sounding, category dubbed "inappropriate contact" or even just "inappropriate behaviour".
2537	Groups that organize bulk quantities to return to the distributors can earn an extra three-and-a-half-cent handling fee per container.
2538	GSK's Revolade was recommended for wider use in patients with thrombocytopenia associated with chronic hepatitis C infection, while Bayer's Eylea was backed for wider use in eye disease.
2539	GT/RA had 16 steals and grabbed 12 offensive rebounds.
2540	Guess it might have looked a little too conspicuously like favor?
2541	Guitarists ages 15 to 19 are encouraged to enter the Clash of the Teen Guitar Titans competition after the clinics.
2542	Gunn led the Lady Cougars with a game-high 22 points on the night.
2543	Guyan Valley has Jacob Kirkendoll competing in the middle.
2544	Guys want to be on the field.”
2545	Gwaddamn fools like yourself are prone to many assbackward imaginings, illusions, and delusions.
2546	GW's election board kicked a second-time candidate for Student Association president off the ballot Tuesday and is also considering removing a senior who plans to graduate this summer.
2547	Haag led the Hornets offense with 124 yards rushing and two touchdowns to go along with 151 yards passing and a touchdown.
2548	“Hackers are the 1 percent, the elite and the creators,” said Clarke, who served as White House cybersecurity adviser during the Clinton administration.
2549	Had being an operative word.
2550	Hadi and US President Barack Obama had discussed the matter at the White House on August 1, according to the same source.
2551	Hadley had a 63, Connell shot 65, and Corpening closed with a 70.
2552	Had the government not closed, it's likely that most of the news stories of the last week would have focused on the exchange rollout.
2553	Hagel acknowledged Monday that he "fully recognize(s)" his fate is up to the Senate.
2554	Hagel is scheduled to meet with President Barack Obama to discuss the issue.
2555	Half the damn bill is pork.
2556	Half the Sky Movement: The Game has 700,000 players so far, leading to 112,000 books handed out to kids and $72,000 in critical surgery for the needy.
2557	Hall joked that there is no swimming pool.
2558	Hamaha said he and his fighters drove to a spot around 0.6 miles outside the city to try to lure the jets away from the population center and into a direct confrontation.
2559	Hamdan was a relatively minor figure, dismissed as a "small player," even by the military judge who presided over his trial.
2560	Hamilton Place Strategies contends that large banks can be resolved – taken through liquidation by the F.D.I.C. without difficulties – and that the “living wills” process helps to provide a meaningful road map.
2561	Hamilton was the first of the front-runners to pit for new tires, followed by Alonso, but Vettel stayed out three laps longer than Hamilton — who was held up by traffic when he came out, enabling Alonso to move past him into second.
2562	Hannah Gastonguay and her family will fly back home Sunday after taking their two small children and her father-in-law and setting sail from San Diego for the tiny island nation of Kiribati in May.
2563	"Happy memories of Iola, sweet faithful friend, given sleep September 4th 1939, to be saved suffering during the war.
2564	Hara always carried a positive 'can-do' attitude on and off the field and was liked by all the girls and coaches.
2565	•Harassing phone calls were reported on Wildcat Bridge Road last week.
2566	Harbaugh says he knows Brown will be a target, especially on pass routes with more than one cut, and he believes Brown is ready for the challenge after a solid performance on Sunday.
2567	Hard to sustain winning on th road.
2568	Hardwire also offers a 10-by-13-inch ballistic clipboard with a white board surface.
2569	Harkin expressed support for the deal during a Wednesday meeting in Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin's office, several aides confirmed, and a Senate aide confirmed he will vote for the plan.
2570	Harlem Globetrotter William 'Bull' Bullard escaped serious injury during a recent exhibition game in Tegucigalpa, Honduras - after a basketball hoop gave way and crashed to the court following his slam dunk.
2571	• Harmonize with the “real” you.
2572	HARRIS COUNTY, Texas-- When Tara Ruttley, 38, found out she was furloughed, she decided to make the best of it.
2573	Harris-Lake Park was led by Jordan Kyle's 15 points.
2574	Hasan's sentence is likely to be handed down this week.
2575	Hasan told him not to worry about it, and the civilian "walks away from the encounter unscathed," the prosecutor said.
2576	Haslam is among the last of the Republican governors to declare a decision on expansion.
2577	Hastings anticipates losses on buying the stolen DVDs to be in the thousands.
2578	Hastings Park, which is bounded by Renfrew Street, McGill Street, Highway 1, and Hastings Street, is currently governed by the board of the Pacific National Exhibition, whose members are appointed by Vancouver's city council.
2579	Hate never sells beyond those that hate.
2580	Hathaway dresses like a fairy at the White Fairy Tale Love Ball in support of the Naked Heart Foundation in July 2011 in Crespieres, France.
2581	Haulli, like many others in the community, believes the materials were quietly thrown out by the Nunavut Housing Corporation.
2582	Having recently come into the national spotlight, Traverse City has impressed wine lovers with fresh tasting, cool climate whites like Riesling, Gewürztraminer, and Pinot Grigio.
2583	Having served in the Royal Navy for over two decades as an engineer and mechanic, he was medically discharged after being injured in an accident re-fuelling an aircraft.
2584	Having worked on drug delivery since the 1970s, Langer has seen plenty of ups and downs.
2585	Hawaii island police are investigating the theft of a front-end loader in Ninole on the Hamakua Coast.
2586	Hayley has a sheaf of paperwork with her.
2587	‘‘Haywire’’ is what actively drives this franchise, which is why, five games into the season, Marmol is already a former closer.
2588	Hay yields were good for early season hay, Bermuda grasses and summer annuals.
2589	He abandoned his wife and son and offered no support to either of them in life or death.
2590	He acknowledged that "of course some people are against it, but on balance the response from users has been positive."
2591	He actually made me some leather outfits.
2592	He added: "It was so destructive.
2593	He added that Congress set a red line when it ratified the treaty.
2594	He added that many German managers may not have realized the danger social engineering and other types of cyber-attacks pose to their businesses.
2595	He added that Muntu had been urging his supporters to tread cautiously so as to allow a healing process and win over the support of the majority.
2596	He added that Safaricom has for the last three years failed to meet the minimum quality of standards threshold.
2597	He added that the administration's "stonewalling on Benghazi" must end.
2598	He added that the agreement not only marks the beginning of a partnership with KIE, but it also represents a lasting investment of the bank in the education sector.
2599	He added that the extra-martial sex was "not necessarily" between adults but "possibly adult with quite young women, was my sense".
2600	He added that The Gambia is one of the luckiest countries in Africa to be blessed with a visionary leader whose development agenda has environmental protection and waste management in particular as its priority.
2601	He added that the group was no longer united, and factions have emerged and weakened it.
2602	He added that the TRA should negotiate terms of maintenance and repairs with the seller upon purchasing trains, and include these terms in the contract.
2603	He added: "We want to encourage more Scots to recycle and, in turn, help deal with our litter problem, so it is right that we reflect on how this model could work in Scotland."
2604	Headed by an experienced backcourt trio of Mike Rosario, Scottie Wilbekin and Kenny Boynton, the Gators boasted the league's top assists-to-turnover ratio (1.4).
2605	He admitted being at the bridge that day, but said he thought they were going to "tag" the bridge with paint and he knew nothing about any explosives.
2606	He admitted himself to a state hospital soon after.
2607	Head of the Coptic Orthodox Church Pope Tawadros II denounced any possible attack on Syria by Western countries.
2608	Head Start is the most obvious hostage they're killing.
2609	He agreed and said that he plans to move quickly to do so.
2610	He allowed only four hits, struck out three, and retired the final 10 hitters he faced to keep the team in the game.
2611	He also does not know when faculty from Sydney will travel to Cairo.
2612	He also finished shooting an independent feature film called “The Ghost and the Whale,” in which he plays the lead character — a man accused of murder after his wife mysteriously dies at sea.
2613	He also gave credit to NHL commissioner Gary Bettman in a pair of tweets Sunday morning.
2614	He also had 25 defensive tackles and two fumble recoveries.
2615	He also meets with various marketing and networking agencies to promote the business.
2616	He also mentioned the iOS platform as a growing revenue source.
2617	He also noted that Muslims are known for sharing and caring, particularly during the Holy month of Ramadan, stressing that during this period people need to show solidarity and care towards each other.
2618	He also reminded jurors of the evidence from April's mother Coral that her daughter would probably have known Mr Bridger by sight but would not have got into his vehicle knowingly.
2619	He also said that the judiciary system is for reform mainly considering hiring sign language people to ease communication in Court during cases involving the deaf, "this, has been a milestone in achieving the rights of disabled people."
2620	He also said the complex’s corporate office was contacted, to see if they can pay for the surveillance video in this case.
2621	He also said the gun was a toy that belonged to a friend of his son’s.
2622	He also said they were providing support to the family "as best as we can."
2623	He, also, stated that the day/evening would go by and people would fall asleep where they dropped, sometimes, after a long day of frolicking.
2624	He also thanked the local young enthusiasts for showing up and picking interest in business and entrepreneurial skills.
2625	He also told the magistrate that he agreed to take part in the scheme because he had financial problems at the time.
2626	He also urged the board and management to be more innovative and faithful in performing their duties for the industry to be sustainable.
2627	He also was hit around in spring training this year, but believes he has found himself in the minors.
2628	He also worked with computer vision — teaching a computer to recognize an image, such as a face.
2629	Healthcare giant Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has become the latest global company accused of misconduct in China after a court ordered it to pay damages to a local distributor in a lawsuit brought under an anti-monopoly law.
2630	Health-care services have been established that are relevant to people actively using drugs.
2631	Healthe Trim is a supplement for weight loss that relies on natural solutions to help people lose weight when added to a reasonable diet and regular exercise.
2632	Health Leader MD encourages people looking for healthy diets that are rich in flavor and relatively simple to follow turn to the Mediterranean diet.
2633	Health literacy tests aren't often done because most of the available ones take on average 8 to 22 minutes, Komenaka said.
2634	Health Ministry spokesman Yehya Moussa said one man was killed by a gunshot wound to the head during clashes outside the party headquarters.
2635	Health officials said complications from the flu can be fatal, and each year pneumonia kills between 4,000 and 8,000 Canadians.
2636	Health officials will conduct tests to determine whether the latest case is related to the previous seven that have been identified since March.
2637	"He always seemed grumpy and would never really be out in public..
2638	He and other hackers say Facebook unfairly denied Shreateh, a Palestinian, a payment under its "Bug Bounty" program.
2639	He and the others in the top five heading to East Lake Golf Club for the season-ending Tour Championship by Coca-Cola — Henrik Stenson, Adam Scott, Johnson and Matt Kuchar — will win the FedExCup if they win at East Lake.
2640	Heated military rhetoric is common from North Korea when tensions rise on the Korean Peninsula and during U.S.-South Korean war drills, and Pyongyang has previously threatened to tear up the cease-fire.
2641	Heat from lights or donning a heavy costume can make for an uncomfortable time on a set.
2642	Heath Bell was set to close for the Diamondbacks.
2643	He at one time topped the list of most wanted Nazi war crimes suspects and is alleged to have helped deport 15,700 Jews to death camps in World War II.
2644	Heat stars Dwyane Wade, LeBron James and Chris Bosh teamed up in 2010 but can become free agents in 2014.
2645	He attended meetings of the group in London, they said, before moving away from the group two or three years ago.
2646	He at the same time asked voters to treat warning leaflets circulated in some parts of the country with contempt, adding that the act is criminal.
2647	He averages 10.9 points and 11.3 rebounds.
2648	He became a local hero in Cedar Falls, creating jobs, sponsoring numerous charitable causes and opening two restaurants in town.
2649	He began by making some radical changes.
2650	He believes it has changed him for the better.
2651	He believes it is prudent to often rest Howard.
2652	He believes Team Korea’s lineup has a number of major-league-caliber hitters, including third baseman Jeong Choi.
2653	HEBER SPRINGS, Ark. (AP) — Authorities say they found country singer Mindy McCready's body on the …
2654	He bragged during that campaign that the only way he could lose would be to be "caught in bed with dead girl or a live boy."
2655	He called the meeting the best opportunity to "form a new transitional governing body through mutual consent."
2656	He called the recent offseason "absolutely terrible"
2657	He campaigned on it, governed by it and many say his presidency led to the downfall of the superpower.
2658	He can either turn himself in and face a court or suck up a Hellfire missile.
2659	He can show us wisdom: wise (that is, base weid-to see, know; seen also in Latin videre, to see (cf.
2660	He can still remember Stephen, the boy who was into athletics, "we were always in competition", he says with a smile, his personality and attitude to life.
2661	He can't get this one to fall and makes the turn with a 2-under 34.
2662	"He caught himself, but he caught himself too late..
2663	He certainly has the highest upside here, especially with Moeaki continuing to deal with knee injuries.
2664	He clucks if they curse in front of the window.
2665	He committed suicide Monday night.
2666	He continues to reside in Belleville with his wife of 25 years, Marie, daughter Brielle and son, Thomas.
2667	HECO should give Waianae residents free solar panels with the excess going back to the grid feeding the rest of the island. 99.5% sunshine all year round.
2668	He could demonstrate his remorse by paying back those who can show they were swindled by his lies and doping in cycling.
2669	He covered presidential inaugurations and the start of the Korean War.
2670	He described as "magic" the collaboration and brainstorming between James Corner and David Miller, founding partner of the Market's architecture firm, The Miller Hull Partnership.
2671	He did not pick small but went for the big score, and by the time the competition closed he had submitted more than 140 entries.
2672	He did not play in 2012.
2673	He didn't and the tradition was formed and stood until Franklin Roosevelt ran and won four times, dying soon into his final term as World War II was drawing to a close.
2674	“He didn’t even understand the point of gangs,” she said.
2675	He didn’t get picked to play the veto.
2676	He didn't have his good command."
2677	He didn’t know what to do.
2678	“He didn’t seem like he was 21 to me,” said his 42-year-old catcher Henry Blanco.
2679	He does not believe that all smoke detectors will be installed by 30 June.
2680	He drove to Albuquerque on Sunday night for his 7:40 a.m. tee time Monday at ACC.
2681	He embraced his illness like a family member.
2682	He entered the Reserve Officer Training Program at Arkansas State University in the fall of 1983 and was commissioned a 2nd Lieutenant in 1985 at the age of 20.
2683	He escaped jail in 1985 and, despite his record, was rehired by the CIA to help supply the Nicaraguan Contras.
2684	He even pulled a drowning man to safety at Dierkes Lake, Idaho.
2685	He feels there is wantonness in it.
2686	He filed his certificate of candidacy, through his lawyer late last year, to run for mayor of Datu Salibo in next month's elections.
2687	He finally thanked the donors for their assistance.
2688	He first led the Boston Symphony in 2011 at Carnegie Hall as a replacement for Mr. Levine.
2689	He fixed me with a steady, unsettling gaze.
2690	He flew to Moscow from Hong Kong on Sunday and, according to Russian President Vladimir Putin, on Tuesday he was in the transit area of a Moscow airport.
2691	He found the mark for the game-winner on the second try.
2692	He found the water on the third-easiest hole at Redstone Golf Club and made double bogey.
2693	He further added that he had been arrested with a Spanish journalist (ERENA CALVO) at the police roadblock near the camp.
2694	He gets all of those trucks.
2695	"He goes out of his way to make sure, especially at his position and those that surround him, that everybody is locked in on their assignments."
2696	He goes there to attend the funeral of a client, a reclusive widow.
2697	He got cheated out of winning.
2698	"He grinds out at-bats and never gives away an at-bat.
2699	He had a 21-inning scoreless streak over three recent starts without recording a win.
2700	He had argued that he shot Trayvon in self-defense.
2701	He had a three-piece inflatable penile implant, consisting of inflatable cylinders inside the shaft of the penis, a fluid reservoir under the abdominal wall and a pump inside his scrotum.
2702	He had been previously linked with Barcelona, as well as Chelsea and Real Madrid, among other clubs.
2703	He had been sentenced to 24 months - but he had been wearing an electronic tag for 21 months which counted against his term.
2704	He had long black hair, a long black beard and fierce dark eyes, and he wore black pants, a black shirt and a black belt that held two huge pistols, a blackjack and two pairs of handcuffs.
2705	''He had more confidence in his own ability, to be able to run and do the things he's capable of doing.
2706	He had never been an administrator, though, at a school with athletic scholarships.
2707	He had no comment on Oliver being charged as an adult.
2708	He had run 9.86 in May, the fastest time in the world in 2013, but it remained uncertain how his battered body would hold up through three rounds in the heat --Temperatures have approached 90 degrees for the past two days.
2709	He had slurred speech, bloodshot eyes, trouble standing still, obeying commands, an odor of alcoholic beverages and couldn’t repeat his house number, where he lives, the same way twice in a row."
2710	He handled that well.”
2711	He has again broken with tradition for the foot-washing ceremony, which is normally performed on lay people in one of Rome's basilicas.
2712	"He has an ideal skillset that'll only grow in his new role with us, and I can't wait to see the fruits of his labour when we kick off a new era of CFL football in Ottawa in the summer of 2014."
2713	He has a PhD in history and Middle Eastern studies from Harvard University, and presently is a Distinguished Professor of International Affairs at the U.S. Naval Academy.
2714	He has appeared numerous times at conferences about bringing the mentality of startup tech companies to the federal government.
2715	He has a reputation for being a clever political tactician and is married to a telenovela actress.
2716	He has a theory, though, about why people are so fascinated with the paranormal.
2717	He has been on the bench for less than two years, appointed by President Barack Obama after GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch recommended him in November 2011.
2718	He has compiled a record of 400-184 while leading the program to five Metro League titles.
2719	He has depicted himself as an original revolutionary and ideological purist.
2720	"He has failed time and time again to address the clear problems present in President Barchi's office."
2721	He has helped our business growth with sound relationship building strategies.
2722	He has his hands all over the design and supervision works of structures, such as; the AAiT library, Dashen Bank in Adama, Getu Commercial Centre, Meaza, Johny and Afework buildings, and the headquarters for Awash bank and insurance.
2723	He has not ruled out a run at the presidency himself, but is more likely to throw his considerable influence behind a center candidate and may be burnishing his moderate credentials.
2724	He has ordered new equipment.
2725	He has photographed about 5,000 New Yorkers of every age, every ethnic background, in every imaginable outfit (and usually in broad daylight).
2726	He has said he joined to help advance his career, an admission many Czechs see as a character weakness.
2727	He has spent six seasons in London, graduating into Spurs' standout performer.
2728	He has therefore, called for government to take immediate steps to revamp it, since it is having a serious toll on the few medical personnel stationed there.
2729	He has to have someone go pick it up and bring it back to the hotel.
2730	He has trained with the sword he used Tuesday for 20 years and keeps it by his bed.
2731	He has won three majors and was the money list winner in 2003, relegating Tiger Woods to second spot.
2732	He has worked to establish trust in that community to lessen the instances of violence.
2733	He helped the Bears recruit free-agent tight end Martellus Bennett and linebacker D.J. Williams.
2734	He hit Sammie Coates with a 36-yard touchdown pass on his very first play.
2735	He, however, said excommunication warnings churches make are highly secretive.
2736	Heidebrink was 1-1 with two RBI and two runs scored.
2737	Heidi Klum's got it.
2738	He insisted her death was an accident.
2739	He invents an Iconi-screen that allows him to view four exciting 2-D worlds filled with 26 different fun Iconicles characters.
2740	He invited the U.S. president to come to China for a similar meeting, pledging to continue talking by phone and exchanging letters with Obama.
2741	He is a big fan of runs batted in. And he knew that nobody could help Jackson score if Jackson were sitting in the dugout after a strikeout.
2742	He is able to track days-old human scent for miles and even to the point where people enter vehicles.
2743	He is a business management major.
2744	He is a great man and a great leader and he is the man of challenges.
2745	… He is a huge part of this program's success.
2746	He is a kind and caring physician specialist, and he takes care of very ill ICU patients who are often on life support.
2747	He is no less steely in the face of criticism, but he has not been able to shut it down.
2748	He is not a rich man, and the money that he had, he has of course, spent on food," said Kucherena, who sits on two high-profile Russian government advisory bodies.
2749	He is sitting in a cafe.
2750	He is suspected of being one of the key perpetrators of post-election violence.
2751	He is the average working class Argentine citizen, and faces the effects of the Perónist Government.
2752	He is the recipient of many technology and business awards, including the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award in Healthcare (2004), Businessman of the Year Award (2005), and Global Entrepreneur of the Year Award (2013).
2753	He is the solution we need for the challenges we have in this country.
2754	He is widely believed to have attacked as many as 32 other women during the late 1970s through the early 1980s, when multiple rapes were committed against women walking alone at night.
2755	He joined them to “have a smoke of the illegal stuff”.
2756	He just finished a run of "The Snow Geese" with Mary Louise Parker and will begin rehearsals for a revival of "Cabaret" while "Fledermaus" is still running.
2757	"He keeps coming up with bigger and bigger hits and his approach is great every time especially with runners in scoring position.
2758	He knows that means growing his customer base outside of Oregon.
2759	Held at Portland Country Club.
2760	He leads Milwaukee Brewers shortstop Jean Segura by six points.
2761	He let three-time Super Bowl hero Adam Vinatieri walk.
2762	He, like other businesses, would have to find ways to cut costs, he said.
2763	He likes Japan because its central bank was trying "QE times 3." He said the central bank's bond-buying efforts would work better in Japan than in the U.S. because deflation is a real threat in Japan.
2764	He'll be back in court within a few days.
2765	"He'll be crucial for our team time trial ambitions.
2766	He'll be staring across the ice Sunday night at a veteran who is having plenty of success in his own right.
2767	He'll be the permanent replacement for Lane Kiffin, who was fired after five games this season and replaced on an interim basis by Ed Orgeron.
2768	He'll face the winner of an all-Ontario morning semifinal involving Howard and Northern Ontario's Brad Jacobs.
2769	Helm played in his first game of the season and third since March 2012, due to various injuries.
2770	He looks like he’s not even working.'
2771	He looks like Morgan Freeman.
2772	He looks set to be the next great Florida State lineman.
2773	He lost a hard-fought presidential election to Chavez in October.
2774	Helpful to keep in mind: If you aren't careful, you could easily spend to the point that your marriage starts off deeply in debt, or if you're a parent paying for it, you could find yourself risking your retirement and blowing your present-day budget.
2775	Help’s at hand: There’s no excuse for a droopy hemline or spinach in your teeth with this teeny-tiny (3-by-2-by-2-inch) tool bag.
2776	He made great effort plays, kept balls alive.
2777	"He made some great throws, his receivers made some great plays for him and that's what you need.
2778	He maintains that the least Mr. Tsatsu Tsikata could do now is not to point accusing fingers at former President Kufuor, after he ( Kufuor) did him (Tsatsu) a favour by getting him out of prison.
2779	He married his college flame, another outdoorsy New Yorker, Amy Mathews, and the couple settled in an Arlington, Va., bungalow.
2780	He married Mary Lou Sidwell Dec. 7, 1957 in Pittsfield and she died Jan. 11, 2009.
2781	He met with Australian intelligence during a trip back to Australia, ABC reported.
2782	He met you where you were and he let you have your own process.”
2783	Heml.is also encountered difficulties and angered users when its creators said they wouldn't use open source -- or publicly auditable -- code.
2784	Henderson pitched two innings of hitless relief.
2785	“He needs to address the membership, not just give us a number and run away.”
2786	He noted, however, that employees last year did not use $12.5 million in 401(k) match money they could have had if they fully contributed to their retirement accounts.
2787	He noted that the final restructuring plan would be submitted to Brussels by the end of August, adding that it will be enriched with some additional data that may be requested by the EU while examining the initial plan.
2788	Henrik Lundqvist made 31 saves for the Rangers, who finished with the best record in the Eastern Conference last season but lost in the conference finals to the New Jersey Devils.
2789	Henry Young, a Type II diabetic, got to significantly cut back on his insulin injections.
2790	"He obviously didn't have his stuff today."
2791	He only has one reason why someone would be driving down his street.
2792	He paints for a lot of hours a day, and it transports him.
2793	He pitched well, but not as well as their guy did," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said.
2794	He pointed out that the Texas Legislature made the top 10 percent rule to achieve racial diversity and that the state's school districts are largely segregated and vary dramatically in terms of student performance.
2795	He points to the San Ysidro port of entry, the world's busiest, where 50,000 cars and 25,000 pedestrians cross daily.
2796	He promised that the Association would continue to collaborate closely with the Financial Intelligence Centre and the Economic and Organised Crime office to combat money laundering and the financing of terrorism.
2797	He promised that Turkey would join any coalition against Mr Assad's government, with or without UN backing.
2798	Her 2004 book, "Don't Look Back, We're Not Going That Way," in part chronicled her fight.
2799	Her appeal followed a meeting of experts held at the United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization's Paris headquarters to examine an action plan aimed at preventing further losses and repairing damage where and when possible.
2800	Her assessment was partly based on the fact that the current charter includes provisions that are both outdated and inefficient.
2801	Her best-known role is that of a single mom in the TV sitcom "One Day at a Time"
2802	Her boon companions in recent years, heard at top volume because her hearing went and she refused hearing aids, were Rachel Maddow and Jon Stewart.
2803	Her children also remember her making fresh bread and pepperoni rolls.
2804	Her classmates from the King College Prep School band were in attendance today.
2805	Her critics are suspicious about long stretches of the 53-hour swim were Nyad appeared to have either picked up incredible speed or to have gone without food or drink.
2806	Herd Coach Doc Holliday said a lot of that has to do with some of the new names on the 2013 depth chart.
2807	Here are some humans at their best.
2808	Here are the application letters from the three candidates seeking to fill the seat on Kensington's governing board that was emptied by the sudden resignation last month of board member Mari Metcalf.
2809	He recalled keeping a cup of coins in his car for trips across the Tappan Zee Bridge to visit a mall in Rockland or down the Garden State Parkway to vacation on Jersey shore.
2810	He received moderate injuries in the crash.
2811	He recently likened the Tea Party to the Ku Klux Klan, saying it was the "home of bigotry and discrimination in America today."
2812	He recommended carving tools specifically designed for kids.
2813	Her economic policy stances over the years generally have not been those of a centrist.
2814	He refused and boycotted the honors.
2815	Here he developed and pursued his creative interests in art, photography and film.
2816	Here he is on the Yandex site.
2817	Here is the other stories Komo has done on him.
2818	Here it is: 50 Grammy-nominated songs you should spend a little time with before Sunday's big show.
2819	He remarried and held a reception in a tent slightly larger than Perry's Stage at Lollapalooza.
2820	He remembers everything and I forget everything.
2821	He remembers wriggling desperately to stop his skin from freezing to the icy ground.
2822	He reminded me of (Cincinnati Bengals quarterback) Andy Dalton in some ways when I first saw him, but our scouts liked him.
2823	Here's a gallery of images showing the latest developments in Egypt.
2824	Here's a look at the main players and spoilers in the government's plan to establish an autonomous Muslim region after four decades of conflict that has left more than 120,000 people dead.
2825	Here's hoping the band is still in fine form as it's been close to a decade since they've played together.
2826	Here's who endorse him.
2827	He retired Ryan Doumit on a fly to left field, gave up a tying homer to Brian Dozier, struck out Joe Mauer and walked Josh Willingham.
2828	He returns to court on August 28.
2829	Her family has no money and no resources.
2830	Her first manager, Brookes Diamond, choked up as he spoke Wednesday about the first time he heard her perform.
2831	Her husband, Timothy, who works in commercial construction, said things have been picking up at his job.
2832	Her latest book, See Now Then, her first novel in more than 10 years, intimately details a marriage's painful disintegration.
2833	Her lawyers argue Shinoda has "employer liability" for the mobsters' actions, as head of the umbrella gang.
2834	Her mother says Bradford has always been a fighter.
2835	Hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the shooting death of 27-year-old Odin Lloyd, whose body was found in June not far from Hernandez's mansion in North Attleborough, Mass.
2836	Her next test comes on the parallel bars, where she knocks out a set of dips in good form, and then pedals again as Giant counts aloud, shaking his head incredulously.
2837	HERNSHAW, W.Va. -- State Police have released the name of a man shot Wednesday night in Hernshaw.
2838	Her plan is to have hundreds more in subsequent years,” Nguyen said.
2839	Herring leads the nation in completion percentage (.
2840	Hers was the only one that went down once, and she didn't feel safe, but they let her still get on the ride."
2841	He rushed to their mother’s home, thinking he could save them, but it was too late.
2842	HE's 87, through him in a minimum security prison and let the world keep spinning.
2843	He said about 3,000 grilse were retained in New Brunswick last year, while 45 per cent of anglers said they hooked and released.
2844	He said Africa had lost considerable time in terms of investments hence it was ready to increase its business linkages with Indian counterparts.
2845	He said BFT must ensure the involvement of children and youth in basketball leagues and competitions in their surroundings as well as conduct basketball technical skills clinics and organise more coaching and referees workshops.
2846	He said Calgary MLA Ric McIver was one of the biggest winners out of the shuffle, moving to Infrastructure after having reached a deal on the southwest ring road in Calgary.
2847	He said Daines will find it hard to resist a Senate run - no matter the opponent.
2848	He said detainees "have chosen one routine search in early February as the rallying point for their grievances."
2849	He said Hasan had appeared to merely offer up an alternative reason about why the incident occurred.
2850	He said he does his most creative thinking right before he falls asleep.
2851	He said he needs a minimum of 24 hours' notice for a catering job.
2852	He said he was actually ahead of this pace — as far as his practice regimen was concerned — when he had a similar injury while in college at Baylor, and that the extra attention his injury has received this time around is the cause for the caution.
2853	He said he was joining in the song of Christmas angels with all those hoping "for a better world," and with those who "care for others, humbly."
2854	He said he wished he'd gone back there one last time before getting locked up.
2855	He said his brother has told him the drug use allegations are not true.
2856	He said his country needs to unilaterally increase its mackerel catch to make sure other vital species aren't crowded out.
2857	He said if convoked, the outcome of the conference would be difficult to ignore by the National Assembly in its constitution review efforts.
2858	He said: "I'm in contact with our chief executive who is dealing with the issue and hope to know more in a day or so."
2859	He said in the event of losing the election, it was likely that Mugabe would not be persecuted but would be given a good package and be honoured for the role he played in liberating the country.
2860	He said Islamic factions recently received shipments that "they do not share."
2861	He said it's the district's choice to set which school sports are available to girls.
2862	He said Seattle defensive line coach Todd Wash and Chicago linebackers coach Bob Babich are "in strong consideration" to become Jacksonville's defensive coordinator.
2863	He said splitting the fair on two sites would lead to its demise, and said offering free admission does not make sense in terms of attendance management.
2864	He said such pork imports include pig tails, pig feet, pork hock, pork sausage, pig bellies, pork trimmings and pork pepperoni.
2865	He said: "Thankfully my wife and kids weren't here.
2866	He said that Boston needs to put power back in teachers’ hands, and invite them, parents, students and the community to improve the school systems, from the Boston public school, to the Boston colleges.
2867	He said that is what any reasonable prosecutor would have done under the circumstances.
2868	He said that the headdress hasn't survived and it cannot be ruled out that it actually depicts a queen.
2869	He said that there were no other loans of this kind in Italy, but added there were similar lending operations in other euro zone countries.
2870	He said that the state would work with those companies to try and get them approved for sale in 2015.
2871	He said that the university lecturers are the back-up of the institution and with their knowledge and professionalism have done everything to offer a scientific training to the students.
2872	He said the bottom line is that readings from breathalyzers bought from the store don’t hold up in court.
2873	He said the CaPRI study would be released to the public next week, after a copy was handed to the Government and the Opposition.
2874	He said the crew laid down hundreds and hundreds of yards of sand on Eugene streets Friday.
2875	He said the facility employed 60 to 70 people.
2876	He said the federal mediator has asked both sides not to talk about the specifics of their proposals.
2877	He said the hard stance on the junior team is just one of the steps being taken to start a rebirth of some sort for athletics in Nigeria.
2878	He said the party could consider supporting a technocrat government such as the one headed by outgoing prime minister Monti.
2879	He said the prosecution had failed to advance reasons as to why they wanted the accused to remain in custody until the determination of the case.
2880	He said there are no salary increases in the proposed budget.
2881	He said, 'We as the youth of Swaziland commit ourselves fully to mobilise all young people and the generally oppressed people of Swaziland not to partake in these elections.
2882	He said: "We have so many insurance companies that are just on the shelf, distressed.
2883	He said Williams' version of Sunday's events is far different from the victim's and said he expected the case to change as witnesses were interviewed.
2884	He's also a finalist for champion older male and male turf horse.
2885	He's also holding out on something else: publishing his life story.
2886	He's a quick, nimble mind and great actor.
2887	He’s averaging almost nine carries a game and 7.4 yards per carry.
2888	He says he doesn't know of any female authors who use male pseudonyms.
2889	He says heroin use in the affluent area southwest of Chicago has become an epidemic.
2890	He says he's been watching this pile of junk since it got dropped off.
2891	He says he's not hoping for a Broadway production, though he wouldn't turn it down, but thinks this is a small musical perfect for regional stages like Village's.
2892	He says he would've liked the opportunity to do the job for the same price as the city.
2893	He says KRA is working closely with the Treasury to make sure the law is clarified to Kenyans.
2894	' He says of Williams: ''Players love playing for him.'
2895	He says replacing the mall with something viable is crucial.
2896	He says the ride is designed to be the most adult-oriented of the long-distance Wisconsin rides that his company runs.
2897	He says the tools could be between 4,000 and 7,000 years old.
2898	He's been asking them to come back to set more, but added that he's had no luck.
2899	"He's been great.
2900	"He's being flexible and he's been stretching.
2901	He scored points with Democrats when he denounced the Republican leadership in the House, including Speaker John Boehner, for not voting on a bill to approve aid to New Jersey and other states hit by Sandy.
2902	"He scored two touchdowns and kept us in this game."
2903	He screamed for his wife of 20 days, Lilly, but he never heard her voice again.
2904	He's done a lot of fancy money shifting giving out "stimulus" money to collect it back later.
2905	He seemed to be settling in, though he did once hit another resident.
2906	He served in the U.S. Navy, was a member of St. Theresa Catholic Church in Panhandle, and was a member of the Knights of Columbus.
2907	He set a record for the most rushing yards by a quarterback in any game with 181 yards with two touchdowns and also up to the threw for 263 yards and two touchdowns.
2908	He's going to be a good player."
2909	"He's going to be unlike most second term presidents in that he will be far more assertive than he was in his first term. He will be stronger on pushback against some of the most extreme elements in the Republican House.
2910	“He’s had a surgical procedure for crying out loud.
2911	"He's having as good a spring as anybody here," Orioles Manager Buck Showalter said.
2912	He should've faced the death penalty for his deplorable acts of barbarism.
2913	He showed a rare talent for extracting intriguing and revealing information.
2914	He signed with Central Methodist University to play football earlier this spring.
2915	… He's improved a lot, and I think he's an outstanding fit for Izzo's personality and approach.
2916	“He’s more on the studly side.”
2917	He’s not alone in this observation.
2918	He's not big-league ready yet, but should be up relatively soon, especially given the Marlins' speedy standards.
2919	He's not Dwight Howard, but G.S. gets another top free agent.
2920	He's not egotistical he backs up every single thing he says.
2921	"He's not too vocal about it, but when he's in the huddle, he makes his presence known.
2922	He's on a pace to fulfil his promise to break Mike Pringle's single-season CFL rushing record of 2,065 yards.
2923	“He’s one of the best players in the entire league.
2924	He spends his days working at a community center.
2925	He spoke for half an hour about democratic pluralism, European issues such as the economic crisis, and French competitiveness.
2926	He spoke to Anderson about these latest revelations.
2927	He's said that building a defensive foundation trumps win-loss totals this season, but good luck getting him to say the Jazz are in tank mode.
2928	Hesser Hyundai is inviting drivers from across the Lake Geneva to schedule a test drive today to find their ideal Hyundai vehicle.
2929	"He's teaching me how to be patient.
2930	He still holds many current season and career passing marks for the Huskies as well as an NCAA-record performance against Stanford in October 1999 when he passed for over 300 yards and rushed for over 200 yards.
2931	He still isn't the same and may never be.
2932	… He still needs to improve his defensive consistency, however, after committing 30 errors in the last two seasons.
2933	He stole jewelry, medication and a firearm from the home in Crossville on June 27, CNN affiliate WKRN reported.
2934	He stopped only to call 911.
2935	He stripped off his shirt and knelt on the ground, his naked, flabby arms stretched out in supplication.
2936	He studied sinology and lived and worked in China.
2937	He suggested people with this genetic predisposition to severe flu should be treated earlier and more aggressively than others.
2938	He's wearing a bandana over his face.
2939	He’s wondering if he has caged the anger that has festered in his soul since his brother was shot to death in front of him two years ago.
2940	He then dominated the third set and sealed the victory on his first match point with a service winner.
2941	He told CNN: "I can tell you 100% now, whether they take the money off me or not.
2942	He told me he “didn’t want to do that kind of work anymore.”
2943	He told shareholders to “stay tuned” when he was asked if the board is planning to make changes to the risk committee.
2944	He told the Manchester Evening News: “I noticed one day that it had turned around.
2945	He tried to come back too soon, playing one tournament in January — losing in the first round at Sydney to Harrison — before withdrawing from the Australian Open.
2946	He tried to make it into a yugo.
2947	He twice broke the world hour record and was the individual pursuit world champion in 1993 and 1995.
2948	He urged the youth to uphold the peace and independence of the country.
2949	He voted 'present,'" the WVGOP release stated.
2950	He wanted to teach them respect and a sense of responsibility, but most of all, he wanted to help them believe in themselves.
2951	He wants all the accusations, misinformation, and mudslinging to be in public, but not Pickering's testimony.
2952	"He wants that, he cherishes it and tonight it worked for him."
2953	He wants to raise $1 million by the time he's finished in the spring.
2954	He warned his colleagues that if the feds came knocking, they should have a lawyer present before they started discussing their news-gathering practices.
2955	He was 27 when he crashed.
2956	He was 88. Engelbart had suffered from poor health and died peacefully in his sleep, his daughter, Christina, told friends in an email.
2957	He was accused by the school of harassing a player for his sexual orientation.
2958	He was acquitted on 15 other charges.
2959	"He was actually a good coach.
2960	He was a football player."
2961	He was a native of Ravencliff.
2962	He was an educator and taught Head Start in Kingston; Kingsley Hall, a prep school in North Egremont, MA; and history and English for 14 years at Whittier Regional Voc.
2963	He was a prominent member of Reading Rotary Club, the Dodeka Book Club and served as chairman of Reading YMCA and was president of Reading School old boys' association the Old Redingensians.
2964	He was arrested five days later at a hotel in Indiana, Pennsylvania.
2965	He was arrested within only a short, very short period of time where he was always in sight of law enforcement or people you will hear from during the course of the trial.
2966	He was asked how he stayed so motivated, even in his late 30s.
2967	He was as mean and ruthless as he was cunning.
2968	He was at Fancourt that weekend, but was home at Mossel Bay watching the final round on television.
2969	He was blown away by her naturalism in an early screen test she made with Hungarian director Alexander Korda, who struggled in Hollywood during the transition to sound.
2970	He was born April 15, 1959, in Aurora, the son of Melvin Kenneth and Martha (Warner) Freeman.
2971	He was carrying a blue backpack.
2972	He was difficult to work with,” said Mr. Thrust, adding that the band replaced Mr. Nuttall after a month.
2973	He was discharged from the Navy in 2009 and became the president of Craft International, a company that trains military and law enforcement professionals.
2974	He was drafted out of college and has climbed through the system quickly, looking like a legitimate late-inning option in the not-so-distant future.
2975	He was driving a late model maroon Ford Expedition with chrome wheels and chrome body trim.
2976	He was dubbed the "I-55 Bandit" because the four banks robbed in the St. Louis area al were along Interstate 55.
2977	He was elected in 2012 and succeeded Democrat Heath Shuler, who decided not to run for reelection after the latest round of redistricting made the district swing heavily Republican.
2978	He was expected to appear in a Newmarket court on Thursday.
2979	He was found at a family member's home near 67th Avenue and Indian School.
2980	He was four strokes behind winner Henrik Stenson. more »
2981	He was in the lineup Friday night as the designated hitter, scoring a run in the second inning after singling and hitting a solo homer leading off the seventh.
2982	He was just holding me.
2983	He was killed in a car crash on his way to work Oct. 16 after his car hydroplaned on U.S. 290 near Dripping Springs.
2984	He was last seen by his girlfriend early Friday morning on May 24.
2985	He wasn't sleeping, and he wasn't getting better.
2986	"He was only a young lad, weren't he?
2987	He was preceded in death by his parents, one daughter, Denise Thomas; one son, Scott Thomas, and two brothers, Bill Thomas and Pat Thomas.
2988	He was shot in the throat before his capture and is being held in a prison hospital west of Boston.
2989	He was the creator of Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids.
2990	He was the first man to defeat Evander Holyfield in 1992 to become the undisputed heavyweight champion of the world, then became the first man to knock out Holyfield in their 1995 rubber match.
2991	"He was their pride and joy from the very beginning and they loved every moment.
2992	He was tied for the lead until Zach Johnson made an 18-foot birdie putt from the first cut on the 16th hole and a 12-footer for a birdie on the next hole.
2993	He was tougher on Jackson than previous biographers, notably Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr., but was still criticized on occasion as too close to his subject.
2994	He was transported to a hospital as a precautionary measure before being taken to jail.
2995	He was voted most valuable player of the 1992 NBA All-Star Game and played on the Olympic "Dream Team" (alongside Michael Jordan, Larry Bird and Patrick Ewing) that won gold for the U.S. in Barcelona that summer.
2996	He was waiting in the lobby for one of his resident-clients on Medicaid who was receiving care at one of the Sea Mar clinics that cater to a lot of the uninsured.
2997	He went 9-3 during his lone season at Arkansas State, suffering non-conference losses to Oregon and Nebraska while bringing home the program's second Sun Belt Conference title in a row, following in Hugh Freeze's footsteps.
2998	He went further to say he would blacklist all contractors who were not performing.
2999	He went on to describe the Syrian National Coalition as a "democratic, non-sectarian opposition" that deserves greater support from the U.K. and other countries.
3000	He went to Uganda, South Sudan, Kenya, Somalia, Kosovo, Sri Lanka and Pakistan, and he was amazed to survive it all.
3001	He will also assume responsibility in the face of an emergency.
3002	He will appear in Georgetown Provincial Court on July 25 to enter a plea.
3003	He will be sentenced on October 22, four years after the crime was committed.
3004	He won a gold medal on the U.S. basketball team at the 1996 Atlanta Games.
3005	He wonders why he has not won the Nobel Prize in Literature.
3006	He won his state election against four-term incumbent and 30 year political veteran Earl Jones.
3007	He won't be the MVP, so how will his historic season be remembered?
3008	He won that 4 1/2-furlong maiden race, and Napravnik has been his rider ever since, in his 5-for-5 2012 season including the Grade I Champagne Stakes and narrow Juvenile victory at Santa Anita that clinched the 2-year-old championship.
3009	He wont last a day.
3010	He worked at many clubs, but his monthly income hardly exceeded 2,000Br.
3011	He would punt with the first team, I’d punt with the second, and again it would be us alone with our thoughts.
3012	He would say only that he lost $75 million in future income.
3013	Hey Mykael, the lady you robbed was someones grandma..
3014	Hiding in taxpayer funded anonymity again.
3015	Higginbotham, a junior, was named as an outfielder while Parkins and Burdette - a sophomore who went 2-0 in the State Tournament - claimed two of the five pitchers' spots, a rarity for one school.
3016	Highway 758 into Bragg Creek reopened Saturday morning, 100 days after being completely washed out by the June flooding.
3017	Highway 97 hasn't been her only problem.
3018	Hillary bungled her way through as SoS.
3019	Hill, however, is offended a lot by Hedegaard's line of questioning.
3020	Hilton is the world's largest hotel group with 665,667 rooms across 90 countries and territories.
3021	Himax Technologies now owns 81.5 percent of Himax Display and says it will remain the subsidiary's majority shareholder.
3022	His 128 laps led were the most of his career at Pocono — amazing since the race was shortened from 200 laps to 160 last season.
3023	His 2011 album, “Let Them Talk,” was partly recorded in New Orleans and formed the basis for a PBS “Great Performances” special broadcast last year.
3024	His 24-under total of 189 matched the 54-hole tournament record set by Mark Calcavecchia in 2001 and put him six strokes in front of fellow American Brandt Snedeker, who had six birdies in firing a 65 to stand second.
3025	His accountant doing his taxes told him it was legal.
3026	His approval rating has fallen to the lowest level in more than a year, with more voters now turning thumbs down on his performance than thumbs up, according to a new McClatchy-Marist poll.
3027	His best pitch is a hard slider that he uses to wipe out right-handed hitters but also used in changeup counts against lefties."
3028	His body was discovered in the outdoor swimming pool at 387 Woodfern Way at about 2:30 a.m.
3029	His catch was short of a first down.
3030	His civil trial will continue later this year on charges he misspent thousands of dollars of taxpayer money.
3031	His comments came as the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) warned 2014 had to be a "year of productivity" if earnings were to rise sustainably.
3032	His condition has remained unchanged since then.
3033	His court date is set for Aug. 23.
3034	His decision to play backup quarterback Kirk Cousins in the final three games, though unconventional, avoids risking another injury and rehab for Robert Griffin III.
3035	His employer revoked his salary and his visa before handing him over to the authorities.
3036	His father, Gary Anderson, said, "We need to do something and nothing else is getting done at this point."
3037	His first match will be Saturday against American Ryan Harrison, who beat Go Soeda of Japan 6-0, 4-6, 6-3.
3038	His haplessness, as well as a comment he mutters, make Alex the prime suspect for the distraught Keller.
3039	His health stabilizes, a light bulb goes off at the black-market potential, and he begrudgingly cuts in a transsexual he met at the hospital, Rayon (Jared Leto), who can drum up business in the gay community.
3040	His home and office in Baghdad were raided by coalition forces, and he is excluded from Iraq's transitional government.
3041	His knee buckled and he fell to the ground in pain.
3042	His manner really got on my nerves.
3043	His mission was to destroy the concrete pillboxes where the Japanese would hide during the battle of Iwo Jima.
3044	His mother, Wang Muxiang, built the cage after he escaped and walked around his village scaring residents, the report said.
3045	His new employer skimmed almost a third of his wages — about US$1,500 a month — and paid him the rest in cash in brown paper envelopes, he said.
3046	His only hope was to hit a grand slam home run with the public and make it stick.
3047	His public appearances sparked speculation he was considering another bid for the premiership, a possibility he left open in an interview with Reuters in May of that year.
3048	His response this week to a special task force report that calls for cutting property taxes by restructuring the state's income tax — pushing more of the burden to higher earners — was classic Christie.
3049	His seamless transition to the program's focal point has surely grabbed people's attention.
3050	His shot game was excellent.
3051	His swing felt smooth.
3052	His talk of tinkering with the constitution to perpetuate his own rule, as both Venezuela’s Hugo Chávez and Russia’s Vladimir Putin did, is another warning sign.
3053	His team was also at the forefront in briefing President Kenyatta.
3054	Historic reports show that our nation is being infected by a disastrous disease.
3055	His two losses have both come at 132 pounds.
3056	His way is not scalable or sustainable.
3057	His wife and other loved ones were with him at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center before he died, she said.
3058	His wife took a taxi to a police station and filed a report.
3059	Hitler had had his officials buy, steal or simply confiscate paintings and other precious items throughout Europe.
3060	Hoax fliers posted online and in the subways claimed that the PFTs being released were dangerous.
3061	Hollande indicated Friday that during his visit to the former French colony, he would discuss the reduction of French troop levels on the ground to make way for an African force, led by Mali.
3062	Holmes, a Division 1 college recruit, was named one of the region's top high school running backs to watch by the Los Angeles Times in August.
3063	Home Affairs has planned for the large numbers of visitors and beefed up staff at the country's entry points.
3064	Homebuilder Persimmon topped the leaderboard after leading the fallers Friday, adding 2.36 percent to 1,086 pence, followed by miner Vedanta which added 0.84 percent to 1,082 pence.
3065	Home decor and food guru Martha Stewart testified in court on Tuesday that she did nothing wrong when she signed an agreement to open shops within most of J.C. Penney’s stores across the US.
3066	Homerun over the Left field fence.
3067	Homes are cheap and rents -- at a median of $940 a month -- are pretty lucrative.
3068	Homes at Meadow Ridge have four to seven bedrooms and up to 4,241 square feet; pricing is from the mid $300,000s.
3069	Homesickness, a career, false expectations.
3070	Honerkamp suggests wearing layers, which help manage the combination of cold air, body heat and sweat.
3071	Honestly, I’ve yet to see a kid sit down with DragonBox and not learn some algebra.
3072	HONG KONG (AP) - A white diamond the size of a small egg sold for $30.6 million at a Hong Kong auction Monday night, although a blue diamond that was the night's other highlight with a $19 million estimate failed to sell.
3073	Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying (梁振英) proposed donating HK$100 million (US$13 million) to the Sichuan Provincial Government for relief efforts following an earthquake on Saturday that struck Lushan County, killing at least 192 people.
3074	Hong Kong must be extra-competitive to induce people to ship here," said a former HIT executive, who declined to be named given his close ties to the industry.
3075	HONY followers donated $300,000 for Hurricane Sandy relief; $30,000 to send a kid to camp and $100,000 to a YMCA.
3076	Hoodooman: Any excuse to put hitler in a headline?
3077	Hopefully, I serve it up the best," he said.
3078	"Hopefully it's going to be sooner rather than later,” he said.
3079	Hopefully, reduce the number of personal staff she has waiting on her by about half.
3080	Hope they keep it up.
3081	Hops add a touch more bitterness, but not with a lingering harshness; the ale finishes clean and quick.
3082	Hospital executives say Roseland hasn’t been able to generate enough cash flow to pay its expenses because it serves a primarily poor population that often doesn’t have any health coverage, including Medicaid.
3083	Hospital staff helped position the baby and the medical equipment so he could nestle against his mother's chest.
3084	Hourly snowfall rates could be from half an inch to an inch an hour..
3085	House Democrats support a proposal to raise the gas tax by 10 cents per gallon to help maintain existing roads, as well as to fund a handful of pending big-ticket projects, but the plan faces skepticism from the Senate majority.
3086	Householder has been appointed division field manager in the company's Steubenville, Ohio, office.
3087	House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said the fact that the GOP was holding tutorials to teach its members to communicate with women is "really strange, especially if you're a woman."
3088	House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner urged his caucus to show flexibility over a measure to keep the government open.
3089	House Republican Floor Leader J.T. Wilcox and incoming Senate Majority Leader Rodney Tom emphasized mental health improvements.
3090	House Republicans Have a New Plan.
3091	Houses were built on the site but the jobs were never replaced.
3092	Houston forced a punt and got within field goal range after that.
3093	Houston's five-game unbeaten streak was snapped, and the Dynamo (13-11-9) are sixth in the East with one game remaining.
3094	Houston, TX (Sports Network) - The Houston Dynamo confirmed on Wednesday that the club has finalized a deal with Honduran midfielder Alexander Lopez, who will join the team as a young Designated Player.
3095	How about never, sports fans?
3096	How about our politicians work to fix the economy and create jobs.
3097	How Absurd: 8 Crazy Reactions, Ridiculous Conclusions, and Dumb Media Behavior Coming..
3098	Howard: My defense was not to say anything, and not to provide the media with a target.
3099	How a young British man's quest for a six-pack sparked an idea to improve water accessibility in the UK and 4,000 miles away in Ghana.
3100	How can an activity simultaneously create ideal neurological conditions for anxiety and leave practitioners with a deep-rooted calm, the Princeton researchers wondered?
3101	How can this be achieved at a time of austerity?
3102	How can we start this conversation?
3103	How can you argue with how someone feels?
3104	How come no one is talking about the 'stand-your-ground-law' law anymore?
3105	"How could someone commit such a heinous crime?
3106	How could we expect them to part with their wealth even if that wealth only exists in the eyes of their neighbours.
3107	How dare you make such horrible racist comments and bring God's name into it.
3108	How does he communicate down there?
3109	How does it compare to other small tablets?
3110	"How do we keep people involved?"
3111	How do we make the end part of their life as quality and as meaningful as it can be?”
3112	How do you answer readers who have problems with it?
3113	How do you rehearse something like this?
3114	How do you see him transitioning back into a B2C company?
3115	How dumb is that.
3116	How else can we explain her justification for a verdict that vindicated Zimmerman of killing an unarmed boy who was lawfully walking in his neighborhood?
3117	However, 2012 was something of an anomaly.
3118	However, after Ronaldo had missed a gilt-edged opportunity to double his tally, Galatasaray produced a remarkable comeback as Emmanuel Eboue thumped in an equalizer from the edge of the box.
3119	However, another group of cattle herders attacked Mayom county and took a nearly dozen head of cattle, according to Unity state's deputy governor Michael Chiengjiek Geay.
3120	However, because the virus is extremely contagious, should you develop symptoms, notify your healthcare provider right away and stay home.
3121	However, CBC News recently obtained the mayor’s parking records, through a freedom-of-information request, stretching from his first days in office to the middle of last year.
3122	However, Daley claimed that the funds he collected were for a loan owed to him by Clarke's father.
3123	However, every woman is different, and every woman is entitled to her own subjective experience and opinions thereof.
3124	However, Freire said she was there with four other young people — all because they were gay.
3125	However, fresh produce shipped long distances fares much worse.
3126	However getting such legislation past the House is another matter.
3127	However, growth was stronger than expected in Japan, driven by consumption and net exports.
3128	However, had they never stolen that car, and had that accident, they may, in all likelihood, have killed other innocent people."
3129	However, having your own private beach changes the value again, he says.
3130	However, he agrees with Parnia that our concept of death needs updating.
3131	However, he said regardless of the negotiations with the IMF, Jamaica must own and direct its economic growth and development.
3132	However, he said that initial information from the Ugandan Mission in Delhi, indicates that the women had been taken there with promises of jobs and then they were trafficked.
3133	However, I don’t think rape fantasies excuse the proliferation of uncontextualised rape photographs that can be found online.
3134	However, individuals who work around dangerous machinery are particularly susceptible to traumatic injuries on the job.
3135	However, in St. Mary's customary fashion this season, Kennedy Drey and Luke Lenhart combined to put up over 50, and the rest of the Panthers were poised and more than effective when called upon, making the SM boy's too much for Lawton-Bronson to match.
3136	However, in the same Foreign Affairs issue, Steven Brooks, John Ikenberry and William Wohlforth’s “Lean Forward: In Defense of American Engagement” puts forward a different view.
3137	However, investigators will also need to resolve conflicting reports about Bali's weather at the time of the crash.
3138	However, it's imperative that you take a few moments to denote the price and look for alternatives that are going to be cheaper.
3139	However, it was also not­ed that poor people smoke more than higher income groups, thus spending money that should be used for food and education.
3140	However, it was unknown how much water was released to sea under the "emergency measure," Koshimizu said.
3141	However, Lynch’s role and bravery in enduring her severe wounds has seldom been questioned.
3142	However, Shane said the list -- originally filed with the state in 2008 for unemployment insurance purposes -- could have been available for as long as four years.
3143	However, Skilling's resentencing was delayed for years as he unsuccessfully sought to overturn his convictions, including appealing to the U.S. Supreme Court.
3144	However, some of those people could see a reduced tax cut benefit because of the proposed indexing.
3145	However some voters were disappointed after they failed to find their names in the wards where they had registered, raising more fears of vote rigging.
3146	However, Stevenson, who died aged 60 last year, snubbed all attempts to persuade him to defect.
3147	However, the call that really had the Kings steaming came when Trevor Lewis was called for goaltender interference when he crashed into Antti Niemi with 4.5 seconds remaining.
3148	However the company has time on its side as Voser won't be leaving until the first half of 2014.
3149	However, the company is yet to launch a commercial version of the product, which would be available to general consumers.
3150	However, the insurance companies got a guarantee by Obama with the 65.00 fee assessed on each policy.
3151	However, the LACC Boss, Cllr.
3152	However, the law allows the husband of a woman who is artificially inseminated with a donor's sperm to be legally the father of that child.
3153	However, the officials' version of events contradicted reports about the incident carried by state media.
3154	However, the page also includes a plenty of fine print attached to the deal.
3155	However the rebate will add yet more complexity to an already over-complicated tax system riddled with loopholes.
3156	However, the SPD, still struggling to overcome the steep drop in support from the 2005-09 "grand coalition" under Merkel, could prove to be less pliant junior partners this time around.
3157	However, Wednesday’s ceremony is shaping up to the grandest of its kind since the funeral of wartime leader Winston Churchill in 1964.
3158	However, while there have been several studies done that center on manual and visual distractions, little information was previously available when it came to cognitive distraction.
3159	However, witnesses affirmed to Radio Dabanga that one peacekeeper was critically wounded and is currently being treated in a hospital.
3160	However you see it, the death of this beautiful, intelligent lady is a tradegy, I am sure, for all who knew her.
3161	Howie Dourough will be attending midnight mass on Christmas Eve with his family, "then we come back and my mom makes a bunch of Spanish traditional foods.
3162	How is Newton related to the Texas budget?
3163	How long before all these companies merge into one?
3164	How many priests, bishops, or other religious leaders have been caught molesting scouts?
3165	How much higher can Hawaii's economy get boosted?
3166	How much weight had my letters of recommendation carried?
3167	How safe is you child's school bus?
3168	How the Republican Party lost the black vote.
3169	How was it different having a truck five years ago, versus now?
3170	How will lovers of plus-sized lexicography cope?
3171	How will my portfolio be better positioned than I am now?
3172	HSI special agents learned of his operation after several shipments bound for Jordan’s address were intercepted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
3173	HTC's new One smartphone will arrive later than expected and could lose any time-to-market advantage over Samsung's upcoming Galaxy S4 handset.
3174	Hugo recently photographed the South African businessman and politician Cyril Ramaphosa for the magazine.
3175	Hugs and kisses are a major cause of facial bites to children.
3176	Hundreds more workers were clearing lines of fallen tree branches.
3177	HUNDREDS of people have been displaced after landslides hit their homes in Narok county.
3178	Hundreds of residents from Kireka-Biira and neighbouring villages of Wakiso district have received free treatment from a team of 26 doctors and paramedics from the United States of America.
3179	Hundreds of staff at RAF Medmenham in Buckinghamshire studied millions of grainy aerial images of northern Europe to try to find the final pieces of an intelligence jigsaw - known as Operation Crossbow.
3180	Hundreds of thousands of people in the region spent the holiday without power.
3181	Hurricane needs to give quarterback Austin Hensley some time to throw tonight against GW.
3182	Hurricane running back Zach Pate has run for 338 yards and six touchdowns and has 235 receiving yards and three more scores.
3183	Huvelle said that the jurors probably won't reach a verdict in the case until after Thanksgiving.
3184	Hyderabad police also refused initially to issue a permit for that city's Pride march, but organizers finally obtained their OK late last month.
3185	Hynes was diagnosed with throat cancer last July and began cancer treatment in August.
3186	"I accept the election result and thank you for your trust," said Merkel, dressed in a black trouser suit, having accepted a bunch of flowers before shaking the hands of supporters.
3187	"I acted on my belief that the NSA's mass surveillance programs would not withstand a constitutional challenge, and that the American public deserved a chance to see these issues determined by open courts," he said.
3188	"I actually didn't steal them (pears), I'm a hunter in the bush, and I saw them rotting on the ground, and also ate two of them.
3189	Iacuessa referred to the new, bigger video board that the Sea Dogs recently installed, part of a three-board package at the ballpark.
3190	I agree with Obama and Oklahoma.
3191	I also acted in the movie.
3192	I also wrote a book, called Beautifully Unique Sparkleponies.
3193	I am afraid I will lose my house this winter if I cannot meet this deadline.
3194	I am also hoping Brown and Ruf can win the jobs and be solid major league players.
3195	I am a registered democrat, and find these problems with ObamaCare, or the ACA, very troubling.
3196	I am a Senior Fellow at the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research.
3197	I am ashamed to call myself a liberal with your simplistic thinking of a complex military problem.
3198	“I am concerned that the bipartisan group has been unable to wrap up their work,” he said at a news conference Thursday.
3199	"I am fairly comfortable and confident that we are doing things the way the American public would expect us to," said Mueller.
3200	"I am going to be a teacher, and I hear all the time about how our schools aren't doing well, how they're not making the grade," Ferland said.
3201	"I am going to think about Acapulco (later this month) and nothing else.
3202	"I am grateful for the overwhelming response and dedicated effort by the public and law enforcement that led to this arrest," Romankow said in a statement.
3203	I am happy for anyone who is expecting but SO WHAT!
3204	“I am happy to coach at a higher level as well.
3205	I am innocent," he said.
3206	"I am most deeply saddened that it hasn't worked out between us.
3207	I am not sure how good these cameras are but the idea seems good.
3208	"I am really pleased to score my first points of the season and to confirm the qualifying performance," he told reporters.
3209	I am really tired of both sides standing up and SHOUTING at each other.
3210	I am shocked that they did not name it Honeypot.
3211	"I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time," DeGeneres said, joking that "you know what they say—the third time's the charm."
3212	I am so lucky to do what I did in my career.
3213	I am so sorry,that this man lost his sons i such a horrible way!
3214	I am still concerned.
3215	I am sure there is more to go - to pinpoint what that number is, is difficult," Chief Executive Ivan Glasenberg said on Tuesday, adding the additional cuts would come from both trading and operations.
3216	I am used to waking up early.
3217	I am wondering if the media is covering up that he is a converted terrorist?
3218	"I am working hard to prepare but I am also realistic about my chances," she wrote in an email.
3219	I asked Anae if he had a goal to reach in how fast he wanted a play run.
3220	I asked Yakima's Economic Development Manager how the City would make sure the money goes to good use.
3221	Ibanez needs eight home runs to pass Ted Williams for the most home runs by a 41-year-old.
3222	I believe a time is coming and perhaps much quicker than expected, that taxpayers will get enough of furnishing welfare recipients a free ride and an irresponsible government that they will flat refuse to send in any taxes for further waste.
3223	I believe he was trying to explain what actually happens inside the tree -- how maple trees in the fall stop growing and begin storing excess starches throughout their sapwood.
3224	"I believe that the possible long-term funding issues facing the Authority significantly outweigh the positive attributes of the bill," he wrote.
3225	I came in to work Wednesday ready to write a column about the latest good news on the gasoline front when late news turned that premise on its head.
3226	"I came to this program because it helps me do my work.
3227	I can agree with your conclusions on the sentence issue as it was fully explained in the article.
3228	"I can get things done more quickly having collaborative documentation," he says of Google.
3229	I cannot begin to imagine the agony.
3230	"I cannot see women doing that.
3231	I can's quite shopping there because I never started.
3232	"I can sympathize with the judge but I don't understand the legal precedent," he said.
3233	I can't do this alone," Weah stressed.
3234	I can tell you that for many exhausted officers leaving Watertown, Mass., that cheering crowd will be the most cherished memory of their police career.
3235	I can tell you, there will be more arrests," Florida Department of Law Enforcement Commissioner Gerald Baily told a news conference Sunday.
3236	I can't even begin to imagine your loss.
3237	"I can understand Pirelli wanting to test the tyres, they've obviously got issues," he said.
3238	“I care more about the quality of the student body we enroll than about the acceptance rate,” Maltzman said in an email.
3239	I carry a gun, cause a cop is too heavy.
3240	Ice cream is exquisite.
3241	ICE issued a memo in 2011 that identifies military service as a positive factor that should be considered.
3242	"I come down here just to get my quality at-bats and get in games and get my legs in shape and my timing on, and hopefully by opening day, get it going.
3243	I come from West Virginia, and no state has a higher regard for the Second Amendment right to bear arms than my state.
3244	I commend the effort, Mr. President, but I suspect people are too attached to their little hatreds.
3245	“I couldn’t have scripted it any better,” Thomson said.
3246	I created a class called “Telling Stories With Data, Sensors and Humans,” with the goal of determining whether sensors and data could become reporters and collect information.
3247	I'd almost bet a check would show only one in ten is Syrian!
3248	I'd be thinking really hard about taking it too.
3249	Ideas have multiple contexts, and Nirenberg shows dazzling skill and a daunting command of the sources as he observes the changes and draws connections between them and his authors’ larger worlds.
3250	Ideologically, if they have read the Will at the house and they have not read it at the Court, I would not have had access to documents.
3251	``I developed a shot that feels easy to get the ball on the ground and in play off the tee,’’ he said, ``getting rid of these big misses when the ball gets up in the crosswinds.
3252	"I'd have to be a sit-down comedian.
3253	I'd have to talk to folks back in Washington about that.
3254	I did all the chores and electrical work around the boardinghouse.
3255	I did have a voice, I am strong and I am my child's advocate!
3256	I did not have a TV, so we had a goofy routine of all sitting on my floor on the futon, and listening to music while some trippy screensaver bounced around my computer screen.
3257	I did not hear from them again."
3258	``I didn't hear anything from the Pirates, and I played 40 minutes from their backyard,'' Adams said Tuesday.
3259	I didn't like the Hollande guy at first, but now I think he is great!
3260	I didn't think you could anything with it," said Ian Vinson.
3261	I'd like a young college coach who gets the most out of his players and relates to younger guys since the team and NBA is young.
3262	I'd like the Times to name the insurance company that is trying to weasel out of its..
3263	"I'd like to be able to kind of roll out of bed, know that I'm going to be hitting it good and have a good chance when I tee it up.
3264	I'd love to see that cafe and bookstore.
3265	"I do believe that very few of our Representatives pay attention to what we have to say," said the 41-year-old father of three.
3266	"I do have the language, but English is my first language.
3267	I do not accept Mr. Reynolds testimony he was trying to calm her down," the judge said.
3268	I do not believe that this is the basis of a healthy, sustainable economy.
3269	I do not in any way find it meritorious.
3270	I do not know that we can write rules to make that happen, but we shouldn’t have to consider it.
3271	I do not know the man's name, but he asked why he was told that he could keep his insurance, and then why his policy was cancelled, and why his premiums more than doubled in attempteing to use the exchange.
3272	I do not think I would be so excited to see them "period."
3273	I don’t actually know what they’re going through in terms of feeling, but like I said, our thoughts are with them, and especially playing against New England on the weekend.
3274	I don't believe any Conference USA teams other than Tulsa and the Thundering Herd are in ECU's class, basically.
3275	I don't care about Harry Styles' love life," she said.
3276	I don't care what sport it is.
3277	I don't count puny little paddling pools.
3278	I don't even think we've been through half of the place yet and it's just unbelievable.
3279	"I don't feel under any burden," he said in a 25-minute chat at a street-side coffee shack two weeks before the floods struck.
3280	"I don't know if I would have made the same decision, but I know how difficult these decisions are," Garnett wrote in a guest opinion article Sunday in the Boulder Daily Camera.
3281	``I don't know if we could not run the ball.
3282	I don't know that I agree that they knew it was a 'possible stolen car'.
3283	I don't know the plight of my husband or how he will look after our seven children," she lamented.
3284	I don’t know where it could end up for them.
3285	``I don't know why there were six penalties in the first 30 minutes of that game.
3286	I don't see anything major happening that is going to fundamentally change the political situation," he said of the protests.
3287	I don’t see great players, only a great team.”
3288	“I don’t think email is a place for a wedding invite," said Brooklyn, N.Y. wedding planner Tammy Golson.
3289	I don't think that's quite right.
3290	I don't think the shift is going to cover the stands."
3291	"I don’t think we’re done yet," said House Majority Leader Brad Dee, R-Ogden.
3292	''I don't think we've accomplished much,'' receiver L'Damian Washington said.
3293	I don't think you should be allowed to perpetrate a fraud like that, either through city, state or private, to tell you the truth," Paul said of the defined benefit pension plans that many governments still offer to their employees.
3294	"I don't trust you enough to not look through your phone but by all means prepare my food and let's sleep together."
3295	I do things within the pocket, but I can use my athletic abilities outside of it.
3296	''I do think he may be looking forward to a fresh start.
3297	"I do think the fact that you can make fun of Mormons now, and some Mormons are able to laugh at that, is evidence of a growing maturity and assimilation into American culture," Hagland says.
3298	I doubt the parents will be around their tot very much anyway, they have nannies.
3299	I do want to mention a concern that I think about as a father.
3300	"I'd rather not have a quarterback get sacked so many times," said the coach when asked what he'd like to cure next.
3301	I'd recommend looking to them to see how they do it.
3302	I dropped it in any area that was not disturbed.'
3303	"I ended up going back to study business.
3304	If a deal is struck, Hudson would play "an experienced CIA analyst who is being put out to pasture" in the ABC political thriller from Chris Black and Martin Campbell.
3305	I fail to see the issue here.
3306	If a new bill hits walls, as in the past, it could take even longer, pushing the U.S. into its first-ever debt default.
3307	If anyone has any information, they are asked to call Syracuse Police at 442-5222.
3308	If anyone wants really really awful "food" try the food court at the Sears Mall.
3309	If anything, Antarctica's shrinking ozone hole "goes to show that nations working together to address climate change can have a real and noticeable impact," says Adam Clark Estes at The Atlantic Wire.
3310	IF a real mob bookie made odds like the government sponsored lotteries they would NEVER have ANY customers.
3311	If auditors feel that there is too much information or serious errors they should highlight that in their statements to protect themselves and the investing public.
3312	I favor the plans for affordable senior housing, and hope Eden knows how much it mean…
3313	If Baby S. does survive, there’s a 50 percent chance she won’t be able to walk, talk or use her hands normally.
3314	If Biden could get Iran, and Israel, to allow international inspections of their nukes, and sign the non proliferation treaty, while refusing to bomb, and invade, neighboring countries, then peace is possible.
3315	If convicted, he faces a maximum 15-year prison term. His attorney, Molly Armour, declined comment on Tuesday.
3316	If convicted, prosecutors say the Secaucus, N.J., resident faces a combined 25 years prison and a $500,000 fine if sentenced to the maximum for each count.
3317	If Democrats go through with this, Republicans will go from "we refuse to cooperate on anything" to "you'd better do what we want, otherwise we will REALLY refuse to cooperate on anything."
3318	If dissatisfied with the county court's decision, the property owner may then appeal to the circuit court.
3319	IFD officials said Justin Majors was driving southbound on Senate Boulevard just before 3:30 a.m. when he lost control of his car for unknown reasons and struck a utility pole near 13 th Street.
3320	I feel bad for Jackie, but we’re holding up.”
3321	“I feel blessed to have kids throughout the years with this much talent,” Kinel said.
3322	"I feel like the last three starts, I've found what I really need to be working on and focusing on."
3323	I feel really sorry for the Jags next week.
3324	"I feel so happy that he chose the Rockets and I feel the Rockets will be the best fitting team for him because we have such a great, rich history of big men," Yao said.
3325	If either chamber fails, their paychecks will be held in escrow until the end of the year.
3326	I felt like he threw the first one knowing it was essentially a punt, so he forced it..
3327	"I felt like, you know, it's got to be sooner or later, and thank God I finally won."
3328	"I felt pretty confident all through the week, and that was a good match.
3329	"I felt really scared," said one student who was on the bus.
3330	If everyone participates it will be a substantial cost.
3331	If everything goes perfectly for you, then you are blessed, but don't judge others so harshly.
3332	If every vehicle had a low mass ratio and traveled at lesser speeds they would be safer.
3333	If he continues this level of play this week, watch out.
3334	If he makes any mistakes I will take him out," said Naidjala.
3335	If he makes it to the United States, he hopes to join the military and attend Army Ranger School.
3336	If he survives the camps, that is.”
3337	If he was to die sooner than anybody expected it would be in the coal mine.
3338	"If history has proven anything, it's that there is no such thing as a temporary entitlement program, and as House Republicans recognize, ObamaCare will be as bad a policy three years from now as it is today," she said Tuesday.
3339	"If I have the opportunity to, absolutely.
3340	"If I knew how to fix the blessed thing, I would have fixed it," Williams said of his team's struggles at the line.
3341	"If industry wasn't around, patients would be in deep trouble, many of them," she said.
3342	If Iran attemps to retaliate, start targeting government buildings.
3343	If it bring development and social welfare, the majority of the people will be alined with the government.
3344	If it doesn’t, they weren’t expecting to win anything anyway.
3345	If it had worked, you can bet your last dollar the left would be trotting out the statistics to prove their case.
3346	If it's not on their person it needs to be secured.
3347	"If it's out of date, don't use it.
3348	"If it's true it is very, very grave," MP Tzahi Hanegbi of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's Likud party told Israeli army radio.
3349	"If it were a 15-day thing, like a typical injury, I think we could have comfortably dealt with it with the players we already have," Dombrowski said.
3350	‘‘If it were last year, it’d be a little bit different.
3351	"If I was 40 years old, I'd be real upset.
3352	If Lillian Ladele could have been accommodated, it was probably wrong to fire her.
3353	If made law, the bill would prevent businesses from demanding passwords to Twitter and Facebook as a condition of employment.
3354	If Obama were indeed the "titular head" he'd be president "in name only" without the power associated with the position.
3355	If officers hesitate, sooner or later, I hate to say this, but sooner or later this is going to get an officer killed,” said Rawson.
3356	I followed the man into a back kitchen where chefs fried empanadas and a group squeezed around a table eating cookies and passing around a mug of mate tea.
3357	"I forced myself to think, 'There's nothing at stake, it's just ski racing, it's just a game.'
3358	“I found her hanged in the barn,” Amarildo says, his voice choking as he fights back tears.
3359	If passed, ceremonies could begin in November.
3360	If prices rose, demand would drop; thus the market would correct and milk prices would quickly drop to boost demand again.
3361	If Rand Paul were to get involved it would be a different story.
3362	If rates rise too quickly, mortgage rates will also move higher, which could cut into homebuying and refinancing.
3363	I frequently asked about the mother and he said she traveled or was a flight attendant.
3364	If Rock Creek Park is any indication, the government shutdown is turning D.C. into pure mayhem, with lawless citizens running and biking amok.
3365	If San Francisco vs. Seattle isn't already the NFL's best rivalry, it's headed there.
3366	If she can leave Georgia for the sake of commerce, she can leave Georgia in the realm of consciousness.
3367	If small traders are to be incorporated within the regulatory framework the licencing application process should be transparent, time-bound and straight forwards," said Charman.
3368	If someone wants over a million for their home, it's because of the view and the view is what is causing the problem.
3369	If successful, their work would represent the first successful screening strategy for the illness.
3370	“If that committee is not in place, then obviously that decision falls on the director, and the director is taking an ad hoc decision on that.”
3371	If the bill gets to conference with the Senate and there is no agreement on SNAP, "I worry that it sets the program up for a ceaseless attack over time because it is unauthorized," he added.
3372	If the deal is accepted, Google would avoid a fine and a finding of wrongdoing.
3373	If the defense can convince two of six jurors that Bales deserves leniency because he was a good soldier who simply snapped, he would be eligible for parole in 20 years.
3374	If the drug will simulate control of the illness and eventually cause other symptoms that will make the medical industry richer, the FDA will certainly approve it.
3375	“If the exact same situation were to happen tonight, likely the providers would air on the side of the patient and transfer the patient to the hospital.
3376	If the goal is to sell intervention, then this is probably the best effort that they can make."
3377	"If the history of tuberculosis vaccine research teaches us anything, it is to expect surprises.
3378	If the item sells, the company will take 10 percent of the sale price.
3379	If the power grab attempt by the dissident soldiers failed, they are likely in for severe punishments, Vincent and Plaut said.
3380	If the proposed double-decker Columbia bridge is built, there would be no trusses and girders above the upper deck where all the vehicular traffic would be.
3381	"If there are health conditions that warrant another admission to hospital in future, this will be done," the presidency said.
3382	"If there is a diplomatic 'way out,' U.S. military men and women's lives should not be put on the line in one country just to send a message to another country.
3383	If there’s one thing I learned from George—and it made me a better money manager—it’s not whether you’re right or wrong; it’s how much money you make when you’re right and how much you lose when you’re wrong.
3384	If there was any goverment in the world that needs to be takin down its the US GOVERMENT.
3385	If the security was breached, companies potentially could be eavesdropped," he said.
3386	If these negotiations turn out to be positive, the expansion could lead to the reemployment of the dismissed employees, stated dayli in a press release.
3387	If the state had not accepted an expansion of Medicaid, the cost increase would be smaller, about 55 percent.
3388	If the wife did nor abide by customs, she risks being battered.
3389	If they believe they won't be able to sign him next offseason, they would be more apt to try to get something — presumably high draft picks — for him in a deal rather than lose him for nothing.
3390	If they don't want to eat, don't force them.
3391	If they play as a team, I think we can hang with just about anybody.
3392	“If they’re going through withdrawal or if they have a real physical issue, they (can) be treated,” said Earl Marett, director of the Johnston County Department of Social Services and a former area director of a mental health center.
3393	If this kid isn't already part of gang violence.
3394	If this shows anything, it is that the main goal of the current negotiations is the appearance of a process and not peace.
3395	If this were a white president, the question wouldn't even arise.
3396	If TIFs are expiring, property taxes should be abated, he said.
3397	If Washington asks for his extradition, it will be decided in Hong Kong courts, although Beijing, which has ultimate authority over the territory, may decide to get involved due to its sensitive nature.
3398	If we are expected to multitask, then shouldn’t our language have to, too?
3399	If we are serious about closing our state’s opportunity and achievement gaps, we need to find ways to keep kids in school and learning, writes guest columnist Chris Korsmo.
3400	“If we are struck again, it will very likely be by a much less intense storm,” the website says.
3401	If we can kind of shore up the defense and not let teams keep the ball from us, we'll be OK.
3402	If we had thought it through it would have been very clear that this was an impractical innovation we were putting into our law."
3403	If we ignore first how very Keynesian many Republicans have become on the subject of defense spending, at present our military protects some of the richest countries in the world in Europe and Asia.
3404	"If we put out the whole 17 in the tour party I think there's a good chance we would still lose in Sydney because whoever bats from about number seven down Mitchell Johnson is going to blow them away.
3405	If women can get the right training, high-quality seeds and access to irrigation and fertilizer, they will be able to grow more and more nutritious food while producing a surplus they can sell for a profit.
3406	If writers were paid as well as actors, we'd probably see much better movies.
3407	If you are anything like me, you’ll giggle at this.
3408	"If you are offered the choice of retiree health benefits, you can compare that cost to what is offered on the exchange and pick the plan that is the better deal for you."
3409	If you are paid 10 cents more then your recently hired co-worker.
3410	If you ask me, they've got too much power!
3411	If you ate a big meal within the past four hours, that food is sitting in your belly.
3412	If you can get someone to confess to a crime, the court is going to find them guilty," says Jeff Kingston of Temple University in Tokyo.
3413	If you cannot bring them, drop them off at Bedwell Tire on East National Avenue, or call 446-2252 for pickup, or Pastor Thomas at 812-986-2990 or Sarge at 448-2873 and leave a message.
3414	If you can’t win with the strength of your arguments and the clarity of your vision, you can at least lose with your dignity intact — a decent start to a much-needed Republican Reformation.
3415	If you closed the store, you were expected to have it clean and organized for the next day.
3416	If you could have directed another film that is already in existence, what would it have been?
3417	"If you'd have played here two weeks ago, you probably could have had a U.S. Open if you wanted to.
3418	If you do not have a reasonable proficency in english, you are going to fall behind in a primarily english speaking academic environment.
3419	If you don't plan your finances around your health, your retirement can be severely impacted.
3420	"If you get dizzy or light headed those are some signs of dehydration.
3421	"If you get the weather, you get the people," he said.
3422	If you got bad news, you wanna kick them blues; cocaine.
3423	If you have a question that will move the debate forward to a positive conclusion, great.
3424	If you like a music doc, do you typically buy the music?
3425	If you like working with students, then tutoring could be a rewarding way to spend your time.
3426	"If you look at the timeline, I didn't have a career-ending injury," said Yao.
3427	If you missed out on Space Camp as a kid, it's not too late to live the dream: The U.S. Space & Rocket Center in Huntsville, Alabama, also offers a 2-day camp for adults, as well as three- and four-day camps for families.
3428	If you must, the Contemporary Jewish Museum also has a other, less expensive plates for your seder dinner.
3429	If you need more information about Affiliate program of Pure Income, you will easily find it on its site.
3430	"If you pick up a package of makeup and it doesn't list all the ingredients, put it back down," advised John Bennett, the organization's executive director.
3431	If you prefer to stick your head in the sand do so by all means but the figures and facts speak for themselves.
3432	If your company does business internationally, be conscious of whether you are using phrases or terms that may not translate clearly to those outside the United States.
3433	If you're maybe disabled, who's been around to knock on the doors and say, 'Are you OK?'
3434	If you're not a developer,monopoly business owner or union member they could care less what you think.
3435	If you're not good on government-speak, we'll break it down: sharpshooters are going to start taking aim at the white-tailed deer that have overrun the park.
3436	If you’re renting a cabin or camping in the park, no pass is required.
3437	If you're totally over celebrating the undead, try Estadio for a plate of their luscious morcilla, or Le Diplomate (1601 14th Street NW) or Chez Billy (3815 Georgia Avenue NW) for some classic boudin noir.
3438	If you're using a 3G or 4G device, it's using Qualcomm technology, he added.
3439	If you're worried about being in for a delivery contact the seller beforehand to ask then to deliver to a neighbour or use a different courier service.
3440	If you say, 'Do you want to go in the water?' she will run the other way."
3441	If you see anything please call 1-800-LIFENET.
3442	If you sleep with your cousin do you get a platter gratis?
3443	If you’ve ever tried to recover lost data after accidentally deleting a drive or maybe watched an episode of CSI, you might know that with the right forensic tools, it’s sometimes possible to retrieve data after it has been deleted.
3444	If you've ever wished that a bar would play Bravo instead of ESPN, be sure to hit up Masa 14 (1825 14th Street), El Centro (1819 14th Street, NW), or Zengo (781 7th Street) on Wednesday.
3445	If you want to study Bulgaria, this is something you need to look into.
3446	If you want to watch a realistic fantasy program, watch GOT.
3447	If you were really interested in having families settle in our state, to buy a home and property, why in the world would you tax them?
3448	If you will steal, you will kill.
3449	If you would like to volunteer, visit the Wiregrass Food Bank website.
3450	"I gave the money to him.
3451	I get hit on every time I walk down the street!
3452	I get less spam, maybe like 20 a day.
3453	I get on average 30 new customers a day."
3454	“I get the impression that for people who are not Wildrose supporters, this would help solidify an already negative view,” she said.
3455	I got my fair share of criticism and I also dealt back right, left and uppercuts and all that kind of thing.
3456	I got nothing but slam dunks!
3457	I got shot again," Hoffman told a dispatcher as he gasped for air.
3458	``I grew up a 49ers fan,'' Brady said after throwing for three touchdowns in the AFC divisional playoff.
3459	I guess along with that quote I should explain myself before everyone criticizes me again.
3460	I guess that means the players have tuned your cornpone jibberish out..
3461	''I guess that's kind of neat,'' said Greinke, who won the award with Kansas City in 2009.
3462	"I guess that's what we can describe as staying on message, something the Democratic Party I would argue is very good at," Hannity said.
3463	'I guess those people are just fortunate that they've not had a relative or a loved one going through early dementia or dealing with mental health problems,' he matter-of-factly states.
3464	I guess what's been announced is the bare-bones and we will play it by ear from there."
3465	I guess you don;t have a problem with that!
3466	"I had always liked opera and theater and had also participated in quite a few productions in various performing positions.
3467	"I had a mistake in the flat part," Maze said.
3468	I had full insurance and $75 co-pay but just two days before payday I knew it would bounce.
3469	I had grown up in church, so when the band broke up and I needed to figure out what to do with my life, I just had this sense of, "Man, church could be done better."
3470	I had never been in a hoarder's house prior to this.
3471	I had no idea it was so bad," Bryant said.
3472	I had to put the book down for a while and just cry.
3473	"I have a blog," he explains.
3474	“I have a feeling we're going to get as much out of it as they are,” says McKee.
3475	"I have a genuine admiration and regard for the job the frontline caregivers do every day."
3476	"I have a great job and my family loves the ranch where we live," Givens said.
3477	I have boycotted Philips for so long I can't even remember.
3478	I have good relationships with my brother President Sassou Nguesso and Rwanda has a good relationship with Congo."
3479	"I have gotten used to getting on the inside and banging bodies with the big girls," Crowder said.
3480	I have homeowners, two other cars, add the bike, it's literally nothing.
3481	I have learned how important it is to check in with myself and listen, really listen.
3482	I have my 10-year college reunion, which I’ve been organizing.
3483	I have NEVER seen so many loose dogs here!
3484	"I have now reached the conclusion that Coach Rice cannot continue to serve effectively in a position that demands the highest levels of leadership, responsibility and public accountability," Barchi said.
3485	I haven't heard anything."
3486	I have played Soccer for over 30 years!
3487	I have so much respect for them.”
3488	I have that under my belt, and that is a fantastic feeling.
3489	I have the impression that the authorities today did not listen to a single one of the demands of the opposition," said boxing champion-turned-opposition politician Vitaly Klitschko.
3490	I have the money I need to buy one, but there are no cars available," said Villamivar, who has been hunting for a car for more than five months.
3491	I have to disagree strongly with you.
3492	“I have to work a lot harder to stay with Lorenzo and Pedrosa.
3493	I have watched through the years as he took control of games in the final stages and consistently finished teams off.
3494	"I hit a bad drive up the left and that sort of knocked my confidence a little bit and I started to struggle from there," he admitted.
3495	“I hit that right down my line, right perfect,” Bradley said.
3496	I hope all who read this article realize his beliefs More.
3497	I hope and pray those kids have loving family members somewhere that will take them in, love them, raise them and let them have a happy childhood while they sill can.
3498	I hope plans are in the works to raise the height of the remaining structure so we won't be plagued with a repeat of this last fiasco.
3499	I hope she gets those mean vampires.
3500	I hope she succeeds in very thing she does!
3501	"I hope that mentality will change to say, 'Hey, we have to plan ahead' because this could happen again," he says.
3502	I hope they can catch it and get the arrow out..
3503	I hope they serve some kind of jail time for there actions, buy the looks of them, they look like ice freaks.
3504	I hope this pedestrian recovers but.
3505	I hope to God it doesn't."
3506	"I hope to make an impact on them.
3507	"I hope we blow the audience away!" he said in rehearsals.
3508	I hope you, and the instructors as well, will create a network that we can all benefit from in the future."
3509	I join the president in the call for a higher minimum wage.
3510	I just didn't feel like mechanically it was great," McCarthy said.
3511	“I just say to them, ‘Hey, I totally understand if you’re not happy.
3512	I just want Congress to stop us from getting in the middle of Syria's civil war.
3513	"I just wanted to have him out there,'' Tim said.
3514	I just wish there was better conduct and professionalism at times.
3515	I just wouldn't want to put anybody through that."
3516	Ikat geometric prints, inspired by Guatemalan and Indonesian weavers, are popular, too.
3517	I keep playing basketball, keep playing hard, keep being Dwight, and people will see that.
3518	“I kind of had a feeling he was going to come back with an off-speed pitch,” Vitaletti said.
3519	"I kind of thought in the back of my mind he could be the national champion," coach Tom Zakrajsek said.
3520	I knew I had done the wrong thing and my teacher the right, but I never forgot the way I felt when I read that quote.
3521	I knew I still had a job to do—to be a father and a husband."
3522	" I know, because I just had a couple declined in a similar situation," she says.
3523	I know that Andrew loves me.
3524	I know that commercial radio stations like Phoenix operate as a business and at the same time meeting the usual objectives of informing, educating and entertaining.
3525	I know that my name has been put forward before, but I've never actually got tapped for the long list until now.
3526	I know that the question above is leaving myself wide open to rib-tickling one word comments like 'yes' and 'yep', along with more exotic insults, but hear me out.
3527	“I know that they are realistic about what’s going on in the world outside; it’s not an easy thing to think about and certainly can be frightening,” Wante says.
3528	I know they're alive.
3529	I laid out the comparative similarities - real big tiocket items - four posts ago.
3530	"I lied because I was ashamed at what I had done, and I didn't want to get caught."
3531	I like Alabama overall, but I haven't given much it thought."
3532	I like the clip board man.
3533	I like the Personal FBI picture, don't you?
3534	I like things that change, I like thing that have mystery.
3535	"I like what I heard on the call today," Hanson said.
3536	I live in the neighborhood this has happened in. the body is actually not that far from my back yard. i think i know what i'm talking about. also the fact I grew up in Federal Way since I was a little kid and have raised my children there.
3537	I'll always remember last year, when Skowhegan lost in the playoffs, a game our papers didn't cover because it was on the road and there were so many other games going on.
3538	I'll bet it was kept unlocked at home.
3539	Ill. Gov. Pat Quinn says the state will help tornado-ravaged communities across Illinois with “every asset we have.”
3540	Illinois meets Minnesota in the Big Ten's sweaty-palms game, the Illini (6-9 against top 100) hoping wins against Gonzaga and Indiana carry enough weight, Minnesota banking on a No. 3 SOS to overcome a 5-9 finish, including losses at Nebraska and Purdue.
3541	Illinois, with more than 3,500, was second and Georgia, with 3,350, was third.
3542	"I'll support anything I can to rehabilitate people but also making sure people who are not rehabilitated should not be able to--because of their past and their record--not be able to purchase a gun," he told reporters Tuesday on Capitol Hill.
3543	"I looked at the cost, $20,000 … for three weeks," he said.
3544	I looked up and hesitated.
3545	I love being a gamer.
3546	“I love being a part of something so strong.
3547	"I loved having that responsibility of leading this group," he said of being given the captain's armband by coach Caleb Porter.
3548	I love him and I know that George is looking over him during this time."
3549	I love it when an amazingly intricate machine such as this, which is itself an incredible feat of human knowledge, is designed so it will serve to expand human knowledge even further!
3550	I LOVE seeing women of color experiment with bold hair colors!
3551	I love this work," one was quoted as saying in court papers.
3552	I’m afraid you might need to pay a little more than $1,000 for a good-quality sofa, but it sounds like you are on the right path.
3553	Imagine the difficulties that a black gay person may have to overcome while being white and gay may have some issues - it is still not comparable.
3554	Imagine the power they would have if we had none.
3555	Imagine what it will be like when summer comes and the temps start rising.
3556	"I'm a low-tax Conservative who believes we could have lower taxes, but I think they should be sustainably lower," he said.
3557	I'm always finding out more and more about myself at this beautiful age at 64."
3558	"I'm a very grounded, homey person and Chris is a very mad scientist, genius songwriter," the Oscar winner continues.
3559	"I'm a web developer by trade so actually building stuff is quite new to me," he said.
3560	I may not defend their suggested price, but they have never "intimidated" a soul in all the times I've visited and paid my $1 to wander for an hour or two in their galleries.
3561	I mean, it was a very -- I can barely think of any titles.
3562	"I mean obviously he's a great pitcher and you have to pitch well to pitch against him."
3563	I mean only poor, lazy minoritiesand women who don't know their place are unemployed.
3564	I mean there's enough energy in this building to do that and to start the game with the right intentions."
3565	“I meet lots of people.
3566	I’m excited to see it, because when you have a happy segment room, the offense just runs smoother.’
3567	“I’m feeling quite good now,” said Lowry, who gave a sigh after his match winner dropped.
3568	I'm glad Ms. Podrasky hasn't tried to persuade her cousin in any way outside the proper channels.
3569	I'm going to be the sheriff here for several more years."
3570	“I’m happy for him,” Thomas said, “but that’s what we expected.”
3571	I'm just a believer in equal rights for ALL citizens of this country.
3572	"I'm just going to tell them, listen, we have to change the deal.
3573	"I'm just kinda shocked that I'm sitting with you here," the woman said Saturday.
3574	I'm just restricted to black powder, and no more than a 2 1/4 inch bore.
3575	"I'm just trying to work hard and be there for my teammates, and that's all that matters, being there for my teammates."
3576	Imler is on paid administrative leave pending a full investigation.
3577	I’m lucky I could afford the $403.39 tab on my cart full of cheese, nuts and fruit, and I’m whining about my first-world problems.
3578	"Immaturity fuels bullying and drama-filled comment reels," TechCrunch points out.
3579	Immediately after the restart they signalled their intention to take the game to South Africa in the second half by working an excellent try, scored by Elliot Stooke and converted by Henry Slade, to make it 21-14.
3580	I'm no fan of the death penalty, and I'm no fan of taking away someone's right to decide when to die.
3581	I'm not a fan of pit bulls but my daughter owns one and says he's sweet.
3582	I'm not comfortable with 4 percent right now.
3583	I'm not entirely surprised, especially given my experience at last year's TM Mid-Atlantic.
3584	I'm not going to just stand in front of him and strike the whole time.
3585	"I'm not going to lie," says Luke Gockowski of Gettysburg, Pa., who'll major in mechanical engineering.
3586	I'm not going to pat anybody on the back after a loss."
3587	I'm not happy and I will call the Italian Federation," the head of football's world governing body told the FIFA website.
3588	"I'm not really Canadian, but I feel like one."
3589	"I'm not sure if the players are ready to overthrow De Smith, but I believe the players are ready to come together for the purpose of leverage," Gilbert told USA TODAY Sports on Thursday.
3590	I'm not sure really what happened."
3591	“I’m not sure why people do that sort of stuff, but it is very dangerous.”
3592	I'm pleased with today.
3593	Import prices fell in May for a third straight month, reflecting a weak global demand.
3594	Imposes fines of up to $100,000 for subsequent violations.
3595	Improper disposal of condoms, they say, could also pose a health risk.
3596	Improper methods of giving a test can lead to problems.
3597	“I’m really sorry to say that the Microsoft Xbox One ‘Day One’ Edition just didn’t impress me like prior generations, and I think you are probably better off waiting it out until the current situation changes.
3598	I'm sad for my country."
3599	I'm seeing things that are a little mind-boggling."
3600	I'm still upset with Leno over the Conan incident.
3601	I’m sure all those guns were more valuable then the cameras they got in exchange…
3602	I'm sure he can help me to expand my football knowledge even more as a player and as a coach, so if I'm ever able to be around him, just like I was at the Pro Bowl, it's huge."
3603	"I'm sure the Chinese don't mind that I'm not there right now," the U.S. president said at a news conference in Washington on Tuesday.
3604	"I'm sure this is going to be a very important property for Google," Vardi said.
3605	I'm talking about the art of the awkward.
3606	I'm talking about the time when Facebook was essentially a place to post photos of you having a great time and the most serious event shared was when a person changed his or her status from "in a relationship" to "single."
3607	"I'm the captain," Dupont said, cutlass in hand.
3608	"I'm the principal investigator for this particular survey of the New Madrid Seismic Zone," Blakely said.
3609	I'm thrilled to have Australian author Nikki Logan here to celebrate the North American release of her Harlequin Romance, Shipwrecked with Mr. Wrong.
3610	"I must agree with Andre in many ways because I think it's important that this event is played in a place that knows tennis," Federer told CNN.
3611	I must have looked at 60 properties before selecting this one," Dupree continued.
3612	I must mention that the AMOUNT of Information and tips and noise etc that the FBI has to deal with has become too much to handle.
3613	"I'm watching him.
3614	In 1854, the Republican Party was founded in a meeting at Ripon, Wis.
3615	In 1888, the German and French Cemetery gave notice that it would no longer allow Polish burials.
3616	In 1916, Morgan used the device to help rescue two men from a smoke-filled tunnel after an explosion at the Cleveland Waterworks.
3617	In 1925, the first issue of The New Yorker was published.
3618	In 1932, the song Teddy Bears' Picnic, with music by John Walter Bratton, and words added by Jimmy Kennedy, became one of the hits of its time.
3619	In 1942, during World War II, six Nazi saboteurs who were captured after landing in the U.S. were executed in Washington, D.C.; two others who'd cooperated with authorities were spared.
3620	In 1967, the literary theorist and scourge of modernists, Roland Barthes, wrote an essay announcing the imminent death of the author.
3621	In 1969, an early season cold snap dropped the temperature to 16 degrees in Albany, N.Y. In 1992, a tornado roared through Sunset Crater Volcano National Monument in Arizona, knocking down more than 600 trees.
3622	In 1980, David Bowie opened on Broadway in the title role of Bernard Pomerance's play "The Elephant Man."
3623	In 1985, Palestinian gunmen hijacked the Italian cruise ship Achille Lauro (ah-KEE'-leh LOW'-roh) in the Mediterranean.
3624	“In 1988 we were brewing styles of beer that were new to beer drinkers and as a brewpub we were personally interacting with customers and expanding their beer palates.”
3625	In 1991, lawmakers held proceedings at the civic center in order to accommodate the large crowd expected to testify against then-Gov.
3626	In 2001, Norman Lichtenfeld, whose father was a Battle of the Bulge veteran, helped a small group of Belgians from the area raise funds to purchase the property and build a larger memorial.
3627	In 2001, one of his first actions as president was to change the custom of a new White House administration inviting the Canadian leader to be the guest at its first state dinner: Bush’s first state dinner was with the president of Mexico.
3628	In 2003, Mandel served on the Tax Reform Commission and was director of financial and policy analysis under former City Controller Jonathan Saidel.
3629	In 2008, Mark Felt, an FBI official who became known as The Washington Post journalists' shadowy source "Deep Throat" in the Watergate scandal, died at the age of 95.
3630	In 2009, before the Argentinian Supreme Court ruled on the case, Ben-Ivgi escaped from house arrest.
3631	In 2010, 35.2 percent of infant deaths were ‘preterm-related,'” the report says.
3632	In 2010, a second U.S. district judge ruled the mandate to buy health insurance, a key provision in new federal healthcare reform legislation, is constitutional.
3633	In 2010, Microsoft agreed to pay an Acacia subsidiary to license a portfolio of patents related to smartphones and tablets ultimately owned by Tokyo-based web browser firm Access Co.
3634	In 2010, the year Brown left office, Ed, who is four years David’s junior, narrowly beat his older brother out in a vote to head the party.
3635	In 2010 they ran into Inter at its height under the management of Jose Mourinho.
3636	In 2010, under the first phase of the restructuring programme, the Government prioritised the privatisation and commercialisation of 10 parastatals with CSC being one of them as part of its efforts to improve operational efficiency.
3637	In 2010 Vitol built a $130 million oil terminal on Florida's east coast and added a biofuel facility last year, giving it a major foothold in the import-dependent state.
3638	In 2011, he was running mate to former United Nations envoy Winston Tubman on his (Weah's) Congress for Democratic Change party's ticket, but lost for the second time.
3639	In 2011 Nigeria and Angola produced 2.2 million and 1.8 million barrels of oil a day.
3640	In 2011, Nigeria's oil revenues totaled 50.3 billion while Angola's oil injected $40 billion into the economy.
3641	In 2011, only 6% managed the feat.
3642	In 2011, Pierce County voters approved raising the sales tax by a penny on every $10 purchase to help build a cohesive radio network and one or two dispatch centers.
3643	In 2011, the wording on budget appropriations was expanded to include funding from all Department of Health and Human Services agencies, including the National Institutes of Health.
3644	In 2012, a federal judge ruled that the NYPD's mass arrests at the 2004 Republican National Convention were illegal, citing the NYPD's lack of individualized probable cause in arresting hundreds of protesters.
3645	In 2013 UH will host West Division opponents Fresno State, San Diego State and San Jose State in addition to Mountain Division foe Colorado State.
3646	In 36 countries, home to 90 percent of the world's stunted children, micronutrient deficiencies, especially vitamin A and zinc, were responsible for up to 12 percent of the total number of life-years lost due to ill-health, disability or early death.
3647	• In a 1995 fundraising letter, he referred to federal agents enforcing gun laws as "jack booted thugs."
3648	In Abbottabad, Pakistan, the former al Qaeda head was able to construct a massive compound where he fathered two children with one of his three wives.
3649	In a bid to serve the quality life to Tanzanians, Tigo Tanzania in association with its partners Bima, MicroEnsure and Golden Crescent made history in June 2011 and launched the first mobile life insurance in Tanzania, called Tigo Bima.
3650	In about 55 novels and collections of short stories and essays, she turned her inquiring gaze on the interplay between not only men and women, but also the individual and society, sanity and madness, and idealism and reality.
3651	In accepting the job from President Giorgio Napolitano two months after February's inconclusive election he made no attempt to hide the difficulties ahead for a country mired in deep recession and led by a discredited political class.
3652	In accordance with the law, the minister of labor may permit children age 12 and above to be employed in “light labor,” such as selling newspapers, herding cattle, or preparing food.
3653	In actual fact we will as well state that we might not be part and parcel of that election.
3654	In addition, 100 middle and high school students will participate in a pre-college program that allows students to explore their college and career options firsthand through career shadowing and campus visits.
3655	In addition, any album purchased from Amazon since 1998 and is covered under AutoRip will be included.
3656	In addition, economic growth is expected to top out at 1.1 percent.
3657	In addition, he is unable to pay contributions to his retirement fund at the moment.
3658	In addition, Namundjebo-Tilahun said China's participation in the development of African economies is crucial.
3659	In addition, subsidies for athletics in the form of student fees, school or state support rose dramatically in 2012 after the rate of increase had declined in the two previous years.
3660	In addition, the group wants Iran to shut down Fordo, the smaller of its two known enrichment facilities, because it is so well fortified that it would be difficult to destroy in case Tehran decided to use it for making weapons-grade uranium.
3661	In addition, the presence of infected ticks no longer appears to be localized, she said.
3662	In addition to a mobile budgeting tool, it offers an affordable way to call or e-mail a staff of certified financial planners for guidance.
3663	In addition to celebrating her special award, at the conclusion of the school year Richmiller celebrated 20 years of service in the R-4 District.
3664	In addition to Ed Asner, participating celebrities in the 2012 campaign included Will Ferrell, Morgan Freeman, Carrie Fisher, Tom Hanks, Derek Jeter, Leonard Nimoy, William Shatner, Patrick Stewart and Betty White.
3665	In addition to having vexed Barbier on the business-claims process, the company admitted as part of its federal criminal plea to misleading Congress on the scale of the spill.
3666	In addition to his stake in Avión, a tequila company known for its appearance in the HBO television series Entourage, Kantor is listed as a principal on the website of Philippe, a chain of clublike Chinese restaurants.
3667	In addition to his years of accomplishment, this graduate from the University of Massachusetts remains focused on his work in financial advising and business development.
3668	In addition to these two scenarios, a ministerial reshuffle is highly likely, said Hamid Cherrat, a political analyst.
3669	In addition to two stints on Dancing With the Stars, he completed the New York City Marathon in 2012 in 3 hours, 25 minutes, and 14 seconds.
3670	In a deft piece of reporting the Herald quoted Pandor as saying "they had not anticipated the volume of traffic..
3671	In a further change, the allowance will be cut off six months after the first payment, unless the claimant has "compelling evidence that they have a genuine chance of finding work".
3672	In a late Friday statement, Dell's special board committee overseeing the company's sale said it's reviewing the merits of Icahn's latest offer.
3673	In all, 104 prisoners are to be freed during the negotiations.
3674	In all, more than 2,700 dogs were due to compete over two days, including at least 50 Labrador retrievers in the sporting group whose owners are hoping to make history and bring home the top prize on Tuesday.
3675	In Amazon's patent, you would house your music, videos, apps, and e-books online.
3676	In a motion filed Monday with the quasi-judicial body, Apple argued that the ban set to go into effect August 5 would "sweep away an entire segment of Apple's product offerings," as well as harming its partner wireless carriers.
3677	In an Aug. 3 statement, al-Zawahri mocked Morsi's participation in the democratic process, calling democracy "an idol made of date paste" created by secularists.
3678	"In an era when inpatient numbers are clearly declining and more and more of the care is moving to outpatient, I can still say that the best practices and best medicine is still being done," Colerick says.
3679	In an interview ahead of the unveiling Healy said he was nervous about getting a new look, but Chatto, a veteran of the Oscar red carpet or celebrity galas, was able to put him at ease.
3680	In an interview Saturday morning, Barclay noted that fundraisers have amassed $14 million in donations and pledges and the $14 million in tax revenue city official expect the event to generate will offset any costs to San Francisco.
3681	In an interview with SI.com last week, ESPN's vice president of College Networks Stephanie Druley said that SEC Nation will travel to as many SEC football sites as it can during the 2014 college season.
3682	In an interview with the BBC he called on President Vladimir Putin "not to be afraid of his own people".
3683	In another red-group matchup, No. 6 Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic defeated No. 3 Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland 6-4, 6-4.
3684	In another, women who required surgery were assigned to either conservative or radical surgery.
3685	In an unmarked and unsigned letter read by Pike County Board Chairman Andy Borrowman, the Gray Trust stated that it would be backing away from an agreement with Pike County for a new animal shelter for the county.
3686	In an unusual move, Heat Coach Erik Spoelstra decided to shuffle the starting lineup in the middle of a series.
3687	In any case the sheep will have a new bellwether right after the burn the CLEAN smoke.
3688	In a past era, any suspicions about Edgar’s authorship of these pieces would be dutifully wrapped in supporting quotes and biographical context—and short of finding other documentation, that would be the end of it.
3689	In a scathing open letter, George Zimmer fought back against the Men's Wearhouse board of directors a week after he was ousted as its executive chairman.
3690	In a self-portrait posted last month, she showed off the words “F— you” written in ink on her index finger.
3691	In a separate vote that passed 26-15, council is also asking for a ranked ballot system in which voters would be asked to pick their preferred candidates in order.
3692	In a statement on Tuesday, Bensouda said she was ready to work with Kenya and the international community to bring to justice those responsible for the weekend raid in Nairobi.
3693	In a surprise move earlier this month, the Obama administration announced a one-year delay in requiring businesses with 50 or more employees to provide health coverage for their workers or pay a penalty.
3694	In a survey by America's Research Group and coupon processor Inmar, 48.3 percent of consumers surveyed said that they were mostly or all done with their holiday shopping, compared with 45.2 percent this time last year.
3695	In a traditional Texas divorce, the parties are adversaries and usually hold contentious, opposing positions.
3696	In August, 68 million women said they were employed, passing the more than the 67.97 million who had jobs when the recession began in December 2007, the government says.
3697	In August, government forces violently dispersed student-led protests in Nyala, South Darfur, reportedly killing at least 12 protesters, 10 of whom were under the age of 18.
3698	In August, the statement said, the country's foreign reserves grew by 407 million US dollars, bringing Mozambique's total foreign reserves to 2.825 billion dollars, enough to cover imports of goods and services for 6.5 months.
3699	In a video axed from the campaign, Pistorius says "You don't have to worry.
3700	In a way, it’s an indicator of how well Perez has been pitching.
3701	In Benghazi on Friday, the army said it was deploying troops to put an end to a wave of attacks there, notably targeting officers in the security forces.
3702	In between, third baseman Cody Ransom delivered a one-out, three-run, tying homer in the fifth off Angels starter Jason Vargas.
3703	In calling for a one-third reduction in the world's nuclear stockpiles, Obama pledged to negotiate new cuts with Russia and NATO allies, as well as a new framework to promote the development of peaceful nuclear power.
3704	In cases from the last term that were decided by 5-4 - the closest a Supreme Court decision can be - Kagan and Scalia found themselves on the same side just about one-quarter (26%) of the time.
3705	In celebration of the opening of the MRT Xinyi Line, Taipei City’s Department of Information and Tourism is offering free guided tours of Xinyi District (信義) on weekends until Dec. 29.
3706	In children, roundworm can lead to stunted growth and a reduced IQ.
3707	In China, mobile numbers with the prefix “139” were the first issued in the 1990s.
3708	Included was a manger for Flicka's hay and an area for her to take refuge from the cold.
3709	In comparison, fish in the river grew from 38 millimeters to 44 millimeters over the same length of time.
3710	In contrast, the white matter of patients whose pain did not persist looked similar to the white matter of healthy people.
3711	In conversation, Ono is strikingly pleasant and open, almost youthful.
3712	“Incredibly fragile,” is how Café Burlington owner Brad Whaley describes historic downtowns, like Burlington’s, along the rail line.
3713	In December 2012, Muslim Brotherhood supporters marched to the presidential palace and broke up an opposition sit-in, leading to clashes between both sides that left 11 people dead.
3714	In December, Oracle announced it was buying Eloqua for $810 million US, as part of its move into cloud computing.
3715	In December, the stock hit a decade-low of $11.20, valuing the company at less than $4 billion — about 3% of Amazon's market capitalization.
3716	Indeed, he did not see fit to issue a caution for any of the match's 37 fouls (24 committed by Kansas City).
3717	Indeed, mindful of its family-wide appeal, EyeSpy effectively doubles as a learning solution to help give kids a head start on developing the visual and spatial awareness skills.
3718	Indeed the contrast could not be greater to German bishops, who are often shuttled around their parishes in luxury sedans.
3719	Indeed, the mantra of "Make sure your work is reproducible!" is a common theme among R enthusiasts.
3720	Indeed, there is much to tell about: preparation for the World Hockey Championship, public utilities rates, optimization of defense and law enforcement agencies, development of Polesie and even social dependency.
3721	Independence is in order due to their history.
3722	India alerted Israel last month to a possible terror attempt against Israeli tourists visiting Rajasthan in the country's northwest, the Indian newspaper Hindustan Times reported on Wednesday.
3723	INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — The NCAA says it is committed to ensuring the safety of all college athletes and plans to open a national sports science institute to make playing sports safer.
3724	Indiana's weapons were working fine.
3725	Indications are Renteria favors the Cubs over the Mariners.
3726	Individuals may donate food into the collections boxes, located in Big Y, Stop and Shop, and the public library.
3727	Indonesia ripped up a security treaty with Australia at the time, though the countries have since signed another.
3728	Industry and union representatives applauded Tuesday’s announcement.
3729	In early 1952, Price entered the studio with Williams' band, and seemed bent on being the next best thing to Williams.
3730	In early March, my son wasn't even a month old - and hadn't been home from the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit but a few days - when Marshall made its first-ever dash to the Conference USA men's basketball championship game.
3731	In Erdogan's fantasy world, all young men and women are just throwing parties, having sex and getting drunk.
3732	In essence, the applicant must have worked for a certain period before the disability and must have worked a minimum number of years during his or her adult life.
3733	In Europe, the FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 0.3 percent at 6,436, while Germany's DAX fell 0.3 percent to 8,595.
3734	"I never thought I'd live to 16, but I did."
3735	Inevitably, Moss has inspired the creativity of artists.
3736	"Inevitably, people will point the finger at David Warner, but clearly Trott has been managing this for some time.
3737	In fact, all news sites are becoming more and more like TMZ.
3738	In fact, coach Bruce Arians, right, on Monday called the offense "putrid" and said he never has had a team take so long to learn his playbook.
3739	In fact if the NBA says “no” Wednesday to Seattle, don’t count out the possibility that whatever political momentum there was for building an arena and bringing back the Sonics might dry up and blow away.
3740	In fact, in the short-term, it could motivate potential buyers to act before rates rise even more.
3741	In fact, nearly half of employed college graduates say that their jobs do not require a college degree.
3742	In fact, Sroka said, a lot of people would prefer that you don't.
3743	In fact such a candidate may by default even have an edge over the others for the following reasons.
3744	In fact, the Dow Jones Industrial Average hit a new all-time high four days after the sequester kicked in, as if the private sector is sneering at Washington and the tantrums that typify national politics these days.
3745	In fact, the officer had pursued the motorist for nearly two miles before stopping the vehicle.
3746	In fact, they are all about keeping you from getting sick in the first place.
3747	In February 2012, Martin, 17, was shot and killed in Sanford, Florida, by George Zimmerman, a neighborhood watch captain who is awaiting trial on a second-degree murder charge in Martin's death.
3748	In February 2012, neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman shot and killed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin.
3749	Inflamed by UCF men's basketball players' social media insults last January about their Huntington lodging and enhanced by the Herd's one-point win in a foul-filled grudge match.
3750	In Florida, the Sanford Police Department's checkered past with race relations came under scrutiny.
3751	Information from the U.S. Postal Service indicated Swan received that money through the federal workers' compensation program after suffering a right shoulder-upper arm injury while employed by the U.S. Postal Service in November 1997.
3752	In France, Marseille notched a third successive win to move two points clear at the top of the table.
3753	In Freiburg, the hosts began well and went ahead early, but conceded shortly before half-time.
3754	In general, though, such efforts are on the wane - a state of affairs not lost on communists themselves.
3755	In her autobiography, Ann-Margret: My Story (1994), the screen siren recalled how Presley sent her guitar-shaped floral arrangements each time she played in Las Vegas, even after she got married — a week to the day after Elvis wed Priscilla.
3756	In her turn, Interseviços executive director, Rosa Rodrigues, said the factory has already started production and was just awaiting its formal hand-over.
3757	In his last year, 2008, Hagel disclosed a net worth of somewhere between $2.3 million to $10.9 million.
3758	In his motion, filed July 26, Roof claimed that the program violated the Texas Open Beaches Act, among other state laws.
3759	In his second season, Roberts has led the Lions to a 7-2 overall record and 4-0 mark in the Southland Conference with three games left.
3760	In his spare time, Kemp enjoys spending time with his family.
3761	In his State of the Union address, Obama challenged Congress to join him in taking on "our generation's task" to ignite the growth of a "rising, thriving middle class."
3762	In his testimony, PW2 told the court that he met the accused persons at a meeting held on the 26th November 2012, at the compound of the 2nd accused person (Jobarteh) in Old Yundum village.
3763	In Huye, in August last year, a medical doctor who worked with the University Teaching Hospital of Butare (CHUB), was arrested over alleged forged academic transcripts.
3764	In infamy, just as he did in fame, Armstrong continues to hold powerful sway over the public's consciousness.
3765	Initially, it was pretty challenging but I haven't looked back since."
3766	In its bid to persuade Iran to stop its most sensitive nuclear work, the P5+1 in Almaty for the first time offered some limited sanctions relief on gold transactions and petrochemicals.
3767	In its unanimous 7-0 verdict, the court ruled a new trial is necessary to consider the fresh evidence.
3768	In Japan, there are no guidelines calling for third-party analysis.
3769	In July, Britain's attorney general said two firms, Serco and G4S, had charged the government millions for people they were not actually monitoring.
3770	In July, Uralkali, Russia's largest producer of this key ingredient in fertilizer, pulled out of a trading venture with its partner in Belarus, raising fears in the former Soviet state of a pricing war with Russia.
3771	In June 1994, more than 40 years later, with the Cold War now finally won, Schlesinger was back for more with a Times op-ed that sounded the usual alarm.
3772	In June 2011 the council agreed to waive $3.8 million in fees if White Lodging paid workers a certain wage.
3773	In just over a decade, the number of skiers (defined as people 7 years of age and older who ski more than once in a calendar year) has remained fairly flat.
3774	In just over six weeks he will hand the reins to Mark Carney, who Chancellor George Osborne is poaching from Canada's central bank in the hope that he will bring new thinking on how to invigorate Britain's anaemic recovery.
3775	In late December last year, Fubon Financial announced that it and its wholly owned banking subsidiary Taipei Fubon Commercial Bank (台北富邦銀行) would acquire a 29 percent stake and a 51 percent stake respectively in First Sino Bank.
3776	In less than a decade his maintenance fee doubled.
3777	In Liberia, The government has made substantial progress in the areas of malaria control and eradication, HIV Aids, immunization coverage and primary education.
3778	In Libya, armed militias have filled a void left by a revolution that felled a dictator.
3779	In life there is always that scene you utterly dread -either in dream or reality.
3780	In many cases, the cost to have a minister with college and seminary education is too high.
3781	In more advanced cases, Dr. Markzar helps patients by removing bacteria below the gum line and replacing lost gum tissue and bone.
3782	In morning trading, the price of the notes fell 3.25 cents to 104 cents on the dollar, boosting the yield to 5.97 percent from 5.34 percent, according to bond pricing service Trace.
3783	In most countries in Latin America, with the exception of Argentina, there is no legislation explicitly recognizing or mentioning transgender identity, thereby rendering them invisible and denying them legal and civic status.
3784	In Mr. Palacio's case, for example, we successfully argued to the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services that he was being prosecuted due to his political opinion under laws which violated his basic human right to freedom of expression.
3785	In my view, the directive levied a new tax that did not exist before.
3786	In my years of employment, if I had not done a better job than they have, I would have been terminated many times over.
3787	In New York on Friday night they huddled and watched video of a ball hit by Pittsburgh's Garrett Jones that caromed back on the field and then reversed their call to give him a three-run home run.
3788	IN NORRIDGEWOCK, Sunday at 4:56 p.m. an animal complaint was reported on Waterville Road.
3789	Innovative cultures maximize learning by nurturing a mindset of enlightened trial and error that allows managers to take advantage of errors to offer new insights.
3790	In one corner of the room, attendants piled sticks into equipment bags as fast as they could.
3791	In one of its best-known projects, aimed at making classical music more popular among young people, Mr. Rattle staged a performance of Stravinsky’s “Rite of Spring” with 250 children from Berlin inner-city schools.
3792	In one photo on her Facebook page, a leopard is lying next to her leg.
3793	In order also to stop cholera you must use latrines or bury your faeces, do not defecate in the open and also clean latrines and surfaces contaminated with faeces with disinfectant.
3794	In order to sidetrack them as well, one can play some soft music just to distract them and have their attention focused on something else other than whatever is causing them to cry.
3795	In other business, Martinez reminded that the application deadline for the kindergarten admissions lottery is 4 p.m. on Wednesday, Feb. 20.
3796	In other trading Wednesday, the Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 13.61 points, or 0.8 percent, to 1,612.52.
3797	In other words, 12 percent of working D.C. residents will benefit from the $11.50 minimum wage in that year.
3798	In other words: life is change.
3799	In other words, the only way that the government could fully enforce such a requirement would be to mandate the registration of all firearms in private possession – a requirement that has been prohibited by federal law since 1986.
3800	In our parliament we have a specific number of women representatives.
3801	"In particular, he argues that the USPS should have known he was cheating as early as 2000 and, therefore, the Government may no longer seek to recover for the losses it suffered as a result of his lies.
3802	In pop culture: Its movie adaptation is the 15th-highest-grossing film of all time.
3803	In practice if the people coming to this event said 'we do not want to segregate and separate out men and women' it is inconceivable that the university would impose it on them.
3804	"In R&B and rock, when you are over a certain age, they say goodbye to you.
3805	In reaction to the speech, Chief of the Naval Staff, First Sea Lord Admiral Sir George Zambellas, said he did not expect the "significant manpower pressure" on the navy "to throw us off track".
3806	In recent years she was best known for her acting roles in The Bill and Channel 4 soap Brookside.
3807	In regulation, Boston GM Peter Chiarelli thought the Bruins season was over.
3808	In releasing the relatives, ICE exercised its case-by-case discretion based on initial reviews, said ICE Press Secretary Barbara Gonzales, adding that "a fuller review of the cases is currently ongoing."
3809	In response, the judge in that case made a special rule allowing media members to use laptops and smartphones.
3810	In response to an opposition call for a nationwide strike over President Viktor Yanukovich's policy switch back towards Russia, protesters blocked the main approach road to the government building with trash bins, metal containers and even flower pots.
3811	In response to Tesco's announcement, spokeswoman Sophie Bennett, said: "Tesco has been forced to act because of the thousands of people who have protested against their sale of sexist, harmful lads' mags.
3812	In return, Lithuanian journalist Vytenė Stašaitytė visited Deutsche Welle in December 2012.
3813	In San Lorenzo, Rome’s university quarter, a sprawling network exists, little centres of community life.
3814	In September, major U.S. pork producer Smithfield Foods was purchased by Chinese holding company Shanghui International Holdings, Ltd for $4.7 billion.
3815	"In seven and a half years of owning this place and being born and raised here for the first twenty years of my life, this is the first time I've ever heard of a gunshot going off in a place of business," McLean said about Foam Lake.
3816	Inside linebackers Daryl Washington and Karlos Dansby each had two sacks and an interception in that game.
3817	Inside, you'll find brains and other animal organs lovingly preserved for your entertainment.
3818	In sixth and seventh grade it was Janet Jackson, Paula Abdul, and Ace of Base.
3819	Inslee noted: “I’ve served as a legislator since 1988.
3820	"In Slovenia, it's (the) mentality.
3821	In some of those Direct Air markets, there was no other option.”
3822	In some places, defunct mines and smelters have been turned into museums, but towering communist-era apartment blocs still dot the city and there are run-down neighborhoods inhabited by the mostly poor Roma minority.
3823	In Spivey's `60s classes at Miami, students grasp the sense of purpose in 1963's pivotal chapter in the civil rights movement, with its hundreds of demonstrations that year alone.
3824	Instead, consumers have been more interested in tablets, which can do much more, including video, email, Facebook and games.
3825	Instead, he got knocked out earlier than in any of his 13 previous major league starts.
3826	Instead, his first pass was intercepted by Pat Angerer, and the Colts took over at Denver's 20. Adam Vinatieri's 42-yard field goal gave the Colts a 39-30 lead with 5:57 to play.
3827	Instead I started counting how many pages there were and calculating how much I was getting paid per fish.
3828	Instead, it went to Washington, D.C., where it has one of the highest attendance figures of any museum in the country.
3829	Instead, let’s talk about whether caring solely for the bottom line can lead to business success.
3830	Instead of a proper investigation by the relevant organs, the president referred the matter to Judge Lul and as expected he bathed the thieves with legal detergents and cleared them on grounds that the evidence got contaminated.
3831	Instead of people who are not causing the problem.
3832	Instead of playing games trying to fund the gov't piecemeal like it's an a la carte buffet at which only the GOP gets to choose what it likes and dictate what goes on America's plate, they need to vote on that.
3833	Instead, she'll likely reiterate that Fed decisions will depend on how the economy performs, Gapen says.
3834	Instead, the new law set up a system based on allowing people who have family already in the country to immigrate.
3835	Instead, the new research shows that individual faces appear more attractive when presented in a group than when presented alone — a perceptually driven phenomenon known as the cheerleader effect.
3836	Instead, the students will learn, in part, by watching videos of good teaching examples and then making their own videos of themselves practicing those techniques in preschool classrooms.
3837	Instructional materials, school furniture and teaching supplies were damaged.
3838	In Taksim Square, on the building of Atatürk Cultural Center, some people are hanging a huge banner.
3839	In tax-speak, that's a vague way to talk about reducing tax expenditures without having to name specifics and raise the hackles of Washington's myriad of special-interest groups that benefit from such goodies.
3840	INTERACTIVE Residency of Canadian senators We asked 104 senators if they live in the place they represent.
3841	In terms of attendees and participants, I would refer you to the Arab League, and I'm sure we'll have a final list on who will attend in the next 24 hours.
3842	In terms of creating businesses with high-growth potential, young UK entrepreneurs appear more likely than those in other countries to hit what we've termed a 'growth glass ceiling' within three years of starting up.
3843	In term two he would be wise to get ahead of this deficit curve.
3844	In that new book, Paulo Gomes is the main character."
3845	In that report, the cultural and tourism sector expressed "grave concern for the potential loss of tourism seasonal staff."
3846	In that role, we each met scores of Romanians who shared American values and respected this country for the freedoms it represents, yet who were prevented from visiting the United States, usually because their income was low by U.S. standards.
3847	"In that sense the project is 'shovel ready'.
3848	In the 1820 - 1880's it was the peasant communities of the Nile Valley who had to endure the violent catapult into modernity as it were, i.e. integration into the world system of resources extraction, production, and trade, better known as capitalism.
3849	In the 2010 book "The Jesuit," written by his authorized biographer, Bergoglio explained his decision-making process, saying he always discounts his first ideas because they're "always wrong."
3850	In the above scenario, for instance, a second parent adoption for the nonbiological parent could protect custody and visitation rights even in states that do not recognize same-sex marriage.
3851	In the area of analytics, the important customer metric is customer satisfaction score for a substantial majority (64 percent) of organizations.
3852	In the banned ad, Alexander Armstrong refers to the "Poles from Poland or Russia or something like that" and asks a Polish soldier whether he could work on his nan's patio.
3853	In the ceremony, a monk used a long bamboo whisk to make tea in cups some 40 centimeters in diameter and weighing 8 kilograms.
3854	In the cheapest and dirtiest form of motorsport, worthless cars that have been condemned for scrap, are done up with care are then rammed into each other.
3855	"In the coming weeks - by the end of the Christian year - we will begin the programme for the first phase.
3856	In the early 1970s, Roy Mudenda, an ugly and broad-faced dangerous thug committed various criminal activities in Lusaka engaging in armed robbery, burglary, murder and rape.
3857	In the end, communication is the key for students in forced triples, especially if they find the situation unbearable.
3858	In the end, however, the jury pronounced Ranta guilty.
3859	In the end, I think we could probably all use a little more firefighter in us.
3860	In the face of user concerns over its previous policy, Microsoft today amended its Office 2013 license agreement.
3861	In the film, the four stars and others who’ve already passed the Masters test, riff on the lowbrow adjectives experts use to talk about a wine’s aroma.
3862	In the final minute, with Kuemper pulled for the extra attacker, Luongo made a big stop off first Setoguchi and then blocked the rebound.
3863	In the first game of the eight-team tournament, the 21-year-old Brazil star staked the hosts to an 1-0 lead in the third minute with a stu.
3864	"In the first run I just made a ton of little mistakes.
3865	In the foothills of California's Sierra Nevada mountains, artists are partnering with doctors and scientists to create life-changing products.
3866	In the fourth quarter, net income fell to $4.2 million, or 55 cents a share, down from $5.8 million, or 76 cents a share, a year ago.
3867	In the hardest-hit town of Chokwe, 140 km (90 miles) north of Maputo, only six out of 23 medical facilities were working and there were no ambulances, aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) said.
3868	In the hospital after my C-section, I took my daughter’s swaddled body from my husband, terrified to see her.
3869	In their eyes, the pledge is meant to put pressure on Moscow in the run-up to the international peace conference postponed until July in the hope that it will prompt Russian President Vladimir Putin to abandon Assad.
3870	"In their first formal event all on one stage," the 7 Dems vying to succeed now-Sen.
3871	In the Kanifing Municipality, littering of plastic bags has become the order of the day.
3872	In the last century 56,000,000 people have been killed worldwide in countries with gun control.
3873	“In the last month, the shoreline has eroded to halfway back to the road,” he said.
3874	In the last two years, the family has drilled two new wells to draw more irrigation water, but the groundwater level in the valley continues to drop - and the wells can't be drilled any deeper.
3875	In the last years of his life, when he began writing his autobiography, Twain decided to do it mostly by dictation.
3876	In the latest violence, dozens were killed in a rebellious Damascus suburb when a government air strike turned a petrol station into an inferno, incinerating drivers who had rushed there for a rare chance to fill their tanks, activists said.
3877	In the letter, USCCAR noted that "By all measures, Camp Liberty is a killing field.
3878	In the long run, the monthly costs of the sewer system will be less than the price of environmental cleanup and septic repairs years from now, Brady said.
3879	In the meantime, FEMA's put together draft versions of those maps, which are available now and set for a final release in 2015.
3880	In the meantime, the Shelby County Sheriff's Office spent the week developing a new security plan.
3881	In the meantime, they’re living in a home donated by someone they had never met.
3882	In the most recent election, Hardin County voters approved a public safety tax to provide extra money for the ambulance service and law enforcement during events like The Gathering.
3883	In the nine months since leaving Austria, Harry had learned to speak English fluently, but had lost almost every word of German.
3884	In the oil markets the tension over Syria has added to ongoing worries and other nations in the Middle East, which pumps a third of the world's oil.
3885	In the past few years, Ryan hasn't been much for negotiating, and he hasn't had to.
3886	In the past, Kerusso has donated to the food bank around the holidays to help food bank clients enjoy a hearty Christmas meal.
3887	In the past, overproduction prompted incentives and discounts that affected profits.
3888	In the past six years, we've put a lot of effort into producing a quality community newspaper with relevant topics, need-to-know stories and previews of events.
3889	In the past, the Sheriff's Office says they saw about 180 CHL applications each month, but in December, they saw a sharp increase that has not gone away.
3890	In the playful, controlled enactment of them comes a gradual mastery of the personal inner zoology of fears, joys and relationships.
3891	In the proof of evidence filed in support of the charges, Lamorde will testify that Lawan came to his office sometime in April, 2012 and reported to him that there were some fuel marketers who wanted to bribe him.
3892	In the real world, this graph would have much more than three dimensions (you’d need a dimension for each gene), but good luck graphing that for a blog post.
3893	In the San Francisco Bay Area, the Metropolitan Transportation Commission not only counts on motorists using FasTrak transponders to pay tolls but also collects data from the devices for traffic studies.
3894	In the short-term, the potential to save $6 million in taxes also encouraged the company to tow its platform through a gale.
3895	In the short time since the Kern County Cancer Fund has been established, the organization has touched the lives of many people in the community.
3896	In the statement released Thursday, the Plano, Texas-based department store reiterated that it expects to see revenue at stores open at least a year rise toward the end of the third quarter and throughout the fourth quarter.
3897	In the study, Dr. Ruchi Mathur, director of diabetes in the department of medicine at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, and her colleagues analyzed the breath of 792 men and women of various ages.
3898	In the Town of Porter the name of the game in 2012 was re-development, with Utah developer Gary Brinton’s plans to invest $1.5 million to $2 million on improving the old Splash Down Dunes waterpark.
3899	In the U.S., growth was just 4 percent.
3900	In the U.S., the Dow Jones industrial average was down 0.1 percent at 15,313 while the broader S&P 500 index fell 0.2 percent to 1,686.
3901	In the US, where growth of nearly 2% is forecast for this year, the OECD said quantitative easing measures might need to be "gradually reduced".
3902	In the wake of reports about the dangers of drowsy driving, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is approaching its review of prescription sleep aids with renewed vigor.
3903	In the wake of the Continent’s debt crisis, the Frankfurt-based central bank had been concerned that a deal for Ireland would have set a precedent that could be followed by other countries, like Spain, that also have bailed out local lenders.
3904	In the wake of the deaths, Indian women, who are long accustomed to “regular harassment and assault during the day and are fearful of leaving their homes alone after dark,” poured into the streets to demand protection from the mainly male police force.
3905	In the women's 400-metre freestyle, Gillian Ryan of the U.S., was first in 4:11.83 edging Alexa Komarnycky of Victoria second in 4:11.93.
3906	In the year that I have been taking my dog to Marmaduke Park I have never seen an animal tied to the playground equipment.
3907	In this atmosphere, if Thursday's news had been delivered with seriousness and sincerity, it not only would have been beneficial to those of us watching, it also would have helped build a much more compelling case for Winston.
3908	In this case, it doesn’t appear that Sacco was hacked, but if she had been, the reputational damage from viral outrage could have been too much to overcome.
3909	In this Feb. 1, 2013, photo provided …
3910	In this lesson, students explore the infinite by researching and discussing some of the greatest uses — and misuses — of this mysterious, rich and important mathematical concept.
3911	In this March 17, 2005 file photo, former Oakland Athletic and Texas Ranger baseball player Jose Canseco testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington, to examine the use of steroids in baseball.
3912	In this Oct. 18 file photo, the oil tanker Gagnes Spirit jockeys for position with the help of a couple of tugboats at the Portland Pipeline Corporation dock just behind Bug Light in South Portland.
3913	In this photo provided by Jonathan …
3914	In this sensitive process, there are many things to consider such as fit in the firm's culture, salary, hours, and more.
3915	In this Tuesday, July 16, 2013, an unidentified Indian man carries a boy who fell ill after eating a free school lunch to a hospital, in Patna, in the eastern Indian state of Bihar.
3916	In this way, Kalanick is the ultimate spokesperson for the service.
3917	In this Wednesday, Feb. 6, 2013, photo, singers perform during a dress rehearsal of the opera Silent Night at the Academy of Music, in Philadelphia.
3918	In those games, he was sacked a total of 14 times and threw five picks.
3919	"In time we are all going to benefit - there will be jobs, even for the unemployed," he says with a beaming smile.
3920	Into It. Over It. is Chicagoan Evan Weiss and he's been playing music forever.
3921	In total 47 superyachts over 24 metres lined the quayside of Moll Vell marina and, based on this year's runaway success, I envisage this expanding to 65 or more for 2014."
3922	In total, SoloPower was set to receive nearly $200 million in loans from the U.S. Department of Energy and about $40 in state and local money and tax breaks.
3923	In Trinidad and Tobago, mango trees are planted as part of re-forestation programs due to their extensive root systems that hold the soil and prevent erosion.
3924	In turn, Doeseb said: “Our main aim is to retain the current sponsorship from MTC.
3925	In turn, this will mean more medical expenditures, a possible decrease in life expectancy and a decrease in the quality of life."
3926	In two tries this season, they haven't had an answer for the Denver Broncos, either.
3927	Investigators believe most of the propylene burned off before leaving the 25-acre plant site.
3928	Investigators previously said they believed McClelland was one of the two men thought to have been burglarizing Kauffman’s home Dec. 2 when the volunteer firefighter confronted the men.
3929	Investigators said that a 2004 Toyota 4Runner was being driven by Joseph Fehrmann Jr. of Birmingham, Alabama.
3930	Investigators said the trafficking ring was intricately structured, divided into independent and virtually isolated cells to avoid detection, police said.
3931	Investigators urge anyone who had contact with Laibe or encountered her while in a restroom facility to call 602-534-2121 and ask for Detective Curley.
3932	“Investors will take note of the decision, but they’ll study it,” said Mike Hickey of Neil Walter Co., the Tacoma brokerage and management firm that negotiated on behalf of Columbia Bank Center and will manage both properties for State Farm.
3933	Investors with 940 million Br combined capital are engaged in the agriculture sector in the North Shoa zone of Amhara Regional State.
3934	"In view of police in Lusaka denying the UPND notice to hold its planned rally at Kabwata grounds, the Ministry of Home Affairs wishes to urge the UPND to go by what police have advised.
3935	In virtually all of these regions, preparation for earthquakes has been woefully inadequate, say many experts.
3936	In WA state only 3% of daily commutes occur on mass transit but over 50% of transportation dollars go to fund mass transit projects.
3937	In WWII he was assigned to the USS Charrette, a destroyer in the Pacific where he ascended to the Engineering Officer of the ship by the end of the war.
3938	In yesterday's operation, the owner of the bakery admitted the offence of operating since 1977 without bothering to seek certification from relevant authorities even after TBS's one month notice issued to enforce compliance last April.
3939	I, of course, am familiar with my old email and use it frequently when I cannot get Outlook to do what I want.
3940	I often have had people tell me that I was an idiot, whether it's setting up my investment network or joining eBay, because there are a lot of people who could have solved that problem but ran away from it.
3941	"I often wear rings on my ring finger and everyone asks when I'm getting married, but I don't think it will be any time soon.
3942	Ionescu had testified that he had been set up by authorities in the Asian city-state but did not explain why anyone would want to do that.
3943	I personally don't love typing on glass."
3944	I pray my presence on stage today will reflect the love I have for this country.
3945	I pray that they will someday see you.
3946	I put on "Sweet Jane" and then "Rock & Roll."
3947	Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi said he was optimistic that ties could grow closer.
3948	Iran is actually the head of a regional crime network that specializes in exporting terrorism.
3949	Iraq was ONE TIME too many.
3950	"I realized, `Hey, Chiney, it's way more than a game, you have to start making plans for your future,' and I had the opportunity."
3951	I really can't comment on what they think of that," he said.
3952	I really do not think bikes should be allowed on the road with cars.
3953	"I really pushed hard today and avoided major mistakes."
3954	I really want Karl Urban on my TV every week, but a show about a rebel cop from the future with a rebel cop robot sidekick?
3955	"I received a letter the day he passed away, and the day after," Moore remembers.
3956	I recognize that as an artist I have a voice and with that, the power of influence.
3957	I remember being in overnight sessions and I couldn't think straight."
3958	I-Reporters cover a lot of interesting stories each week, and they're often quite fascinating themselves.
3959	I respect our police but really the guy that botched this should be fired.
3960	"I respect the protestors, truckers, and veterans because they deserved to be at the memorials.
3961	Iris Drive 1900 block, burglary, July 16, 1 p.m.
3962	Irish freshman Zach Auguste came off the bench to grab nine rebounds, his season high.
3963	Ironically, the man who proclaimed, “The only thing we have to fear is fear itself,” had a fear of Friday the 13th.
3964	I said, 'Do you want me to come to rehearsals?' and they said, 'You know 'em all!'
3965	I scroung to keep my prepaid phone going.
3966	I see another reason they push these extreme policy changes: It's about paying for good teachers with their precious money.
3967	I see there's a quite brilliant future and I will try it again if I can afford it."
3968	Is free content a discount?
3969	I shall make my play – whether it’s good enough or not, we’ll see – but he’d be a big addition.
3970	I showed many shortcomings in the first fight, but I think that I will be more mature after more bouts.'
3971	Is it necessary to remind everyone again about this unstable man's somewhat dishonorable existence?
3972	Is it too early to ask Santa for headline writers who know what words mean?
3973	Is it too much to ask that we have someone running to uphold the Constitution?
3974	Is it to simply look after young children or some sort of pre-pre-school.
3975	ISLAMABAD (AP) — A Pakistani Taliban commander and an intelligence official say a senior leader of the feared militant Haqqani network has been shot dead in Islamabad.
3976	Isner is second on the ATP Tour with 258 aces and he won 75 percent of his first serves against Almagro, who won 55 percent of his first serves and double-faulted four times.
3977	Isolated by distance and weather, the natives knew little of mainland life.
3978	Is outgoing deputy fire chief being made the fall guy for equipment woes?
3979	“I spoke with (coach) Jimmy Adams too and he said he was happy with what I’d been doing and wanted me to keep pressing my case.
3980	“I spoke with his trainer and my recommendation was that he moves on and does something else,” Schaefer said.
3981	Israel feels under threat more than ever before, both from Iran and through the developments throughout the Arab world, and that sensitivity is only growing.
3982	Israeli and Palestinian officials voiced skepticism Sunday that they can move toward a peace deal, as the sides inched toward what may be the first round of significant negotiations in five years.
3983	Israel is also concerned that the unraveling of sanctions accompanied with Iran's increased enrichment of uranium will be blamed by the Obama administration on its settlement policy.
3984	Israelis are the ones who are stateless in one and in two state solution.
3985	Israel owns the USA.
3986	Israel spying on America while having nukes without wanting the world to know.
3987	Israel’s Shahar Peer defeated third-seeded South African Chanelle Scheepers 2-6, 7-5, 6-3 on Thursday to advance to the quarter-finals of the Baku Cup.
3988	Israel views Washington as by far its most important ally, and is clearly concerned that recent U.S. policy making, including perceived indecision over how to tackle the Syrian civil war, was denting its regional reputation.
3989	Is that breaking news anyone?
3990	Is that something that our Founders foresaw?
3991	Is that why the commission is currently quiet?
3992	Is there news here somewhere?
3993	Is this not the same as a lion mauling a calf?
3994	Is this really good for business?
3995	Is this the fire from Mountain Home?
3996	I still LOOOOOVE The Monkees.
3997	I strongly agree.
3998	I suppose all that time teaching special needs kids was just a part of my imagination.
3999	I suppose it's only fitting that I am writing this on Father's Day.
4000	It affirmed that states cannot unilaterally add their own restrictions, like documentation of citizenship to the federal mail-in voter registration form."
4001	It aims to replace the automatic spending cuts, half with revenues and the rest with other cuts, and offers only modest, undefined spending reductions to healthcare, while keeping the structure of social safety-net programs largely unchanged.
4002	It ain't pretty.
4003	I take it very seriously.
4004	It allows female inmates from the Estrella Jail to take care of abused and neglected animals that were rescued from crime locations.
4005	It all started in 2007 when the San Francisco Board of Supervisors approved the formation of CleanPowerSF, a so-called community-choice aggregation.
4006	It all takes up a third of the couple's living room.
4007	"It almost reminded me of going online and trying to buy Springsteen tickets," said Schorr, a self-employed accountant who works for her husband's recruiting firm in Orange, Ohio.
4008	It also contended that other observers of the debt markets, including government officials, believed at the time that any problems within the housing sector could be contained.
4009	It also expects first quarter "softness" in Brazil, where it has a 68.5 percent market share with brands Skol, Brahma and Antarctica, due to an early carnival and wet weather.
4010	It also explains why Columbus and Detroit were moved to the East.
4011	It also focused on a pioneering virtual keyboard and its much-hyped BlackBerry hub, which combines all of your social networks and communication lines into a unified feed.
4012	"It also has updated legal case law as well as updated laws."
4013	It also includes information about each school’s make-up, including parents’ average income, the percentage of ESL students and the percentage of special needs students.
4014	It also kept him out of jail, Walters wrote.
4015	It also means operational excellence in cloud services, datacenter operations, and manufacturing and supply chain that are essential in a devices and services world.
4016	It also missed nine strikes from 2008 and 2009, in which between eight and 10 civilians were reported killed, according to the New America Foundation's tally.
4017	It also would meet security and anti-terrorism standards, with larger setbacks that can't be accommodated at the existing headquarters at Camp Keyes.
4018	Italy paid more to borrow over five years than it has since October at its latest auction, indicating worries over its financial situation.
4019	“Italy showed they had character, showed they wanted to fight the England team,” Italy coach Jacques Brunel said.
4020	It appeared Bono and arachnids didn't mix when his "Spider-Man" musical had a rough Broadway run, but that didn't keep a biologist from naming an actual spider species after the U2 singer.
4021	It began on the night of April 15, when around 50 Chinese troops (a platoon level) crossed the LAC near Daulat Beg Oldi sector into the Depsang plains in Eastern Ladakh and set up a tent there at nearly 17, 000 ft.
4022	"It brings all of his kind of brash, all-knowing sense of himself up against the reality of, "well, do you really know what you're doing?'
4023	"It burned actively through the night," she said, and crews trying to flank it had to watch out for burning debris crashing down the steep, timbered ridges in the San Jacinto Mountains.
4024	It can only result in stepped up destruction and killing.
4025	"It changed the whole dynamic of the series and we honestly have the best home court in the NBA," Thompson said.
4026	It clarifies that a person being towed by a watercraft, such as a skier, tuber or parasailer, is considered part of the total number of passengers for purposes of a boat’s carrying capacity.
4027	It costs more money to create and ship those prints than the new digital hard drives," Sands said.
4028	"It could also lead to inflammation of the optic nerve that would result in a slow and progressive loss of sight," says Tarini.
4029	It could be nice to see a little more of the shipwreck.
4030	"It could be that the Chinese are trying to change their ways and enter into this agreement in good faith," he said.
4031	It could stop the flow of weapons from Iran to Syria via Iraq.
4032	"It creates tremendous hardship on some people," he said.
4033	"It cuts out literally at one end of the main part of town and comes back in just right at the other end.
4034	``It definitely gets tougher and tougher, but at the end of the day you're going to have to find a way to dig deep and try to win the game,'' Lucic said.
4035	It did not detail that evidence.
4036	It didn’t appear early the Saints were in for a loss.
4037	"It didn't appear to have anything to do with the child being allowed to sleep in the playpen or because of a defect in the playpen," McCausland said.
4038	It didn't hurt but I felt a flutter in my chest and running suddenly felt harder.
4039	It didn't matter what sex they were, where they were from or what colour they were - and some of them, I'm appalled to say, were under 16 years old.
4040	It diverged in the third and fourth quarters, falling slightly as the overall industry gained, said West.
4041	“It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are 20 gods, or no god.
4042	“It doesn’t correspond to security needs or any reasonable approach to securing the border.”
4043	It doesn't matter if the ones in harms way are family members.
4044	'It doesn't matter what team you're on, just enjoy the CFL, get to know the game, have fun with the game and have fun the league because it is a better game and it is very enjoyable.'
4045	It doesn't take much to excite the staff of philly.com.
4046	It dropped off the map.
4047	Items with business logos, gift certificates, gift baskets and retail items make excellent door prizes, said Artherton.
4048	It engaged hundreds of Internet users, who believed the model-handsome Kevin San Roman, who lived in Spain, suffered from leukemia.
4049	It established an implementation framework, and a group of industry stakeholders including suppliers to monitor and refine delivery.
4050	''It felt great,'' Mayo said.
4051	"It felt unreal.
4052	It follows allegations this week of a chemical weapons attack.
4053	It follows along on a seven-day trip to promote last year's release of her album 'Unapologetic.'
4054	It forces candidates for office to campaign in the winter, which bodes well for incumbents.
4055	It gave both groups their names, a strong sense of identity, and a different style of worship.
4056	It goes perfectly with the seven-layer dip that's been sitting out all night that you'll be having for ''breakfast'' at noon ET.
4057	"It goes without saying that candy that is difficult to eat is bad for your teeth," says Ken Tralongo, CEO of Tralongo Management and reputed Marietta dentist.
4058	It got cut really short. right when it was about to get really good," he says.
4059	It had been downgraded to a tropical storm by the time it hit land, boasting winds of 120 kilometers.
4060	It happened at the intersection of Meadowheath Drive and Meadowheath Cove in Northwest Austin near Research Boulveard and Lake Creek.
4061	It happened just like you see it,” Bernard told CBC News.
4062	It has also played host to concerts by artists such as Bruce Springsteen and The E Street Band and Mariah Carey.
4063	It has always been upheld.
4064	It has become a moral duty for all those concerned to decide between the military and political tracks instead of playing on both.
4065	It has been accused of money laundering and lack of due diligence in allowing non-religious, and even crony, businessmen to hold accounts in what amounts to an international offshore tax haven.
4066	'It has been a collaborative production'.
4067	“It has bipartisan support.
4068	It has claimed that well over 100 people were killed, including hostages thought to have died when part of the mall collapsed during battles between the terrorists and the Kenya security forces.
4069	It has continued to feature in political debate, being the symbol of the celebration of 2,500 years of Iranian monarchy in 1971, and also celebrated by the Islamic Republic of Iran, as evidenced by its popularity during the recent exhibition in Tehran.
4070	It has escalated during the Obama years and has been effective, killing scores of enemies of the United States and also in support of American troops in Iraq and Afghanistan.
4071	It has hardened into something stronger: it has become a habit, a question of principle, a ritual.
4072	It has influenced wars, slavery, the formation of nations, and legal codes.
4073	It has survived because it has evolved; its imperfections have been mitigated by its flexibility.
4074	"It has to seek an end to Assad's rule for the Alawite minority to survive.
4075	I think all the teams in this league understand that."
4076	I think at his point a lebanon type outcome is the only feasible solution.
4077	"I think every single guy on this team — whether they're starting or not — is giving their all."
4078	"I think for a lot of people it's not returning to normal, per se, but it's starting to get there with some of these roads being reopened," said Amy Ford, a spokeswoman with the Colorado Department of Transportation.
4079	I think I made a huge effort both in the second set when I was 4-0 down and in the third to get past a fantastic opponent,” he added.
4080	"I think I'm the kind of person who would be very difficult to employ - I'm pretty annoying, but driven."
4081	"I think it gives hope to people, just seeing 10 houses built," Spence said.
4082	“I think it is very important for women to take their pregnancy into their own hands and make decisions for themselves,” said Oster.
4083	I think it novel idea.
4084	"I think it reflects the different settlement that Wales has had compared to Scotland," said Ms Wood.
4085	“I think it was a match where I had to sort of just fight to come through and hope to get over the finish line,” Federer said.
4086	“I think it was part of our DNA to be the first blacks to move into all-white neighborhoods,” she laughs.
4087	I think I’ve written one story about a professional cyclist and that’s it.
4088	I think I will stay on COBRA for a while, based on the increase I know is coming.
4089	“I think Jordan’s hype was well deserved,” Brown said.
4090	I think once people have ObamaCare, they will like it.
4091	"I think one of the points is that no one is going with the less-expensive option.
4092	"I think our guys have responded well to that."
4093	I think our kids realized that and picked our energy up and did some good things."
4094	I think Reed Hastings at Netflix (NFLX) did a great job with saying: “OK, we got this wrong.”
4095	I think some guy who calls himself "Mr.
4096	“I think that’d be a blast.
4097	"I think that people are realizing there could still be problems out there."
4098	I think that's more important than looking at some documents," said lawyer Sol Weiss of Philadelphia, who filed the first lawsuit on behalf of former Atlanta Falcon Ray Easterling and a few others.
4099	"I think the community in general, not just families with children, have really embraced the idea of the school," said Harpswell resident Lori Hodell, whose son Lucien is one of the incoming sixth-graders.
4100	''I think the concerns with the system was it was a blind bidding process that led to inflated numbers,'' Manfred said, ''and that those inflated numbers make that market unavailable to a broad cross-section of our teams.'
4101	I think the government and the country should be proud to let the british tax payer pay.
4102	“I think the greatest frustration,” said another staff member, “is that I don’t feel like we are working on education.”
4103	“I think the K-State Master of Agribusiness group assembled an excellent tour that was not only interesting and educational, but really enjoyable.
4104	"I think they (Amazon) are stepping out in a typically naive way, (but) maybe they have some secret insight to the FAA that I don't have," she said.
4105	I think they'd better..
4106	I think this one might kill you I don't believe it will make you stronger.
4107	“I think this raises an incredibly interesting question, and that is, what are Nancy Pelosi and national Democrats expecting from Colbert Busch that they’re willing to spend a million dollars to get it?”
4108	I think union should have no say in politics.
4109	"I think we have some good players that have been assembled on this team, and we're learning how to play together.
4110	"I think we told you from Day 1 that Robert was going to be our starter, unless there was a setback," he said.
4111	"I think whoever gets that job can expect huge support from other theatres."
4112	I think you can pull of the average working woman look and no one recognize you.
4113	I think you do anyway."
4114	I think you need to send this to someone who will listen.
4115	I thought at the heart of a black hole is a "singularity".
4116	I thought it might give the Ginleys something to focus on after this awful thing."
4117	“I thought that that would be difficult.
4118	I thought the aliens destroyed this building on independence day.
4119	“I thought the doctors would treat him with antibiotics and we’d go home,” said Konietzky, who lives in Palm Coast, Fla. “Never in a million years it crossed my mind that this is where I’d be today.”
4120	I thought the Mets were the only ones who made plays like that?
4121	I thought the rapist was Hispanic?
4122	''I thought who we are as a team was shown in both halves,'' Purdue coach Matt Painter said.
4123	It includes a nearly $400 million transfer from the capital budget for public-works projects, and it saves $140 million from changes to the schedule in how money is dispersed to local school districts.
4124	It includes charter schools, which are generally small schools that are tax-supported but privately run, and vouchers, a more controversial initiative that gives parents tax money to offset private school tuition.
4125	Itineraries include the Bahamas, Eastern Caribbean and Western Caribbean.
4126	It is about the protection and well being of your body and loved ones around you.
4127	"It is absolutely not too late to get your flu shot," Barbara Ferrer, executive director of the Boston Public Health Commission, told CBS.
4128	It is a fantastic discovery.
4129	"It is a full-fledged coup and it is turning into a bloody one, too.
4130	It is against the laws of physics to know "nothing".
4131	It is also changing rapidly.
4132	It is also unlikely that the skull, while real, came from ancient Egypt. "It appears to be a medically prepared specimen for educational use," Gaebel said.
4133	“It is an affront to all of what the civil rights movement stood for, what people died for, what people bled for, and those of us who marched across that bridge 48 years ago, we didn’t march for some racial entitlement,” he said.
4134	It is an honor for me to be associated with the U.N. I want to tell the world how important education is."
4135	It is an incitement to intolerance, which breeds hate.
4136	“It is an opportunity for France to win influence in Gulf capitals and in Jerusalem as well,” says Middle East specialist Shashank Joshi at the Royal United Services Institute in London."
4137	It is a tradition that FUFA took up from world soccer governing body FIFA.
4138	It is a valuable investment in our future."
4139	It is better for drivers to refrain from giving additional information or making any statements that could be incriminating.
4140	It is clear from the evening news that violence is a huge and threatening phenomenon worldwide.
4141	It is clear that the time has come for the international community to act strong and unequivocal.
4142	"It is concerning that markets are reacting to data this way.
4143	It is deplorable that Pyongyang defied the strong and unequivocal call from the international community to refrain from any further provocative measures.
4144	"It is easy to make compost manure.
4145	It is either that the ACN and its cohorts in the opposition are behind the insurgents and therefore must subvert every measure taken by government to tackle escalating insurgency.
4146	It is expected to be warmer than Monday, with temperatures ranging between 0C and 4C, but the forecasters said sleet and snow could could result in icy stretches overnight into Wednesday as surfaces freeze under them.
4147	“It is food in the end, you should be responsible about it.”
4148	It is hard to judge whether Broun’s decision will ultimately help or hurt him in his campaign to replace Sen. Saxby Chambliss.
4149	It is hard to tell.
4150	“It is in every sense a form of modern-day slavery,” he said.
4151	"It is in Qatar's interest to stop making hasty actions and intensifying the bloodshed in Syria," Iran's state news agency IRNA quoted Deputy Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian as saying.
4152	It is Monday of last week, and Binalshibh, one of the men charged with the murder of 2,973 people on Sept. 11, 2001, is standing in Courtroom No. 2, a neon-lit room with no windows to the outside world, at the US military base in Guantanamo, Cuba.
4153	It is most likely that an auditor will also visit the site to ensure accuracy.
4154	"It is my firm belief that our sovereignty as a country is compromised if these environmental challenges are not addressed.
4155	It is not only the “appropriate term” to use, but it carries broadly significant meaning in terms of the impacts these non-native species created and continue to present to the locally-evolved native biodiversity.
4156	"It is now over to the clubs to get their views," said Football League chief executive Shaun Harvey.
4157	It is surprisingly common for a conference to put two teams in the Final Four.
4158	It is surprising that crucial and very interesting information are missing from this article.
4159	It is the fluctuation that has been cited as the cause of the extinction of massive mammals like the mammoth, and native cultures such as the Clovis people in North America.
4160	"It is the same reason why everyone became obsessed with Paula Deen," says Ferguson, the radio host.
4161	It is the story that your company tells which allows it to establish shared values with your customers.
4162	It is time to bring them back, says Schepers.
4163	It is time we invested our energies in peace, not war.
4164	It is unclear whether the car carried explosives or whether it caught fire.
4165	It is unlikely that these "Tamorrod" protests will amount to anything, especially as the Bahraini authorities have spent the past two years breaking the back of the opposition movement.
4166	It is worrisome," said Reyentovich, who was not involved in the study.
4167	"It is worth it for us to do a letter-writing campaign," Patel urged.
4168	It just caught on."
4169	“It just makes me fight harder – hungrier – to get that point.”
4170	"It just sounded terrible, sounded like metal mangling," said Ronnie Woods, an eyewitness from Rockview.
4171	"It just worked out perfectly," Lisa Pence said.
4172	It keeps FBI and border security staffing at current levels.
4173	"It'll be the Third World War and the fire won't go out."
4174	"It looked like his glove, jersey and everything hit at the same time," manager Mike Matheny said.
4175	“It looks like it’s solving some big problem, but all it really is doing is rearranging the administrative setup.”
4176	It looks very cute.
4177	"It made me feel so uncomfortable," Smith said in an interview with KGW.
4178	It maintains bank accounts there in order to receive financial support from foreign supporters of its projects.
4179	"It makes me so angry because I am Australian."
4180	It makes us eat worse and exercise less.
4181	It may even take him back to his dark place.
4182	It may mean developing a way to help with transportation if someone can no longer drive.
4183	''It means a lot,'' Zimmermann said about notching his 11th victory.
4184	It meant everything.
4185	"It might have even been discouraging them from finding new content."
4186	"It must have been a big pig," said Br.
4187	'It needs to matter," Dietel told CNET on Tuesday.
4188	"It needs to show the kind of movement we've made in order to get a back and forth going again."
4189	It never was true."
4190	"I told our team they've done a heck of a job to get to 16-1," he said.
4191	“I told you, probably approximately, probably saying around about a year ago but I don’t know exactly, that’s why I want to see… I don’t even remember, after some of the stuff that you guys have seen, the state I’ve been in — it’s a problem.”
4192	I took a job filling orders in a nearby warehouse while my wife worked as a secretary.
4193	"I took President Obama's announcement as the expression of his grave determination," Abe told reporters in Chiba Prefecture.
4194	It ought not to be at all because the mistake or the problem started right from the beginning of our independence.
4195	It pertained to the setting of meetings of the county commission for 2013.
4196	"It proves we can retrain and improve our brains," she says.
4197	"It really hasn't sunk in, and it probably won't until we hit spring training.
4198	It really paid off,” Mallett said.
4199	It really touches all of us.”
4200	It remained long after other states abandoned similar laws in favor of less costly federal workers’ compensation insurance.
4201	"It remains a really difficult time and only when all of the Arctic 30 are free to go home will we be able to properly celebrate," she added.
4202	It remains to be seen whether Bynum's knee pain can be managed effectively, allowing him to resume his career.
4203	It remains uncertain when he'll be back.
4204	It reminds me of a refrigerator, but I came to appreciate the durability it brings once I started lugging it around.
4205	I trust our Prosecutors office when they say that Deedy was the aggressor and threw the first blow (a thrust kick), Deedy never identified himself as a Federal agent.
4206	"It's a beast onto itself."
4207	It’s about placating public rage and persuading people who would vote for a tin of beans if it had a Tory ribbon on it that this government is tough and in charge.
4208	It’s about the team.’
4209	''It's a challenge, for sure, to keep them motivated.
4210	"It's a classic case of the cure being worse than the disease," Kimball said.
4211	”It’s a combination of the big national traditional powers,” McManus said, “and the Cinderella stories.”
4212	Its adherents claim this does offer a fairer society but it's also the road to mediocrity as roles are filled with tokens rather than those who meritably can fulfil whatever the role is.
4213	"It's affected by slopes, wind, and terrain, so it's a little like flying a helicopter," he said.
4214	"It's a great community to coach in. They love their football."
4215	"It's a great day for Canada too."
4216	It's all about seeing that it's not something to be afraid of.
4217	"It's almost like starting over,” said Sullivan.
4218	It's also about saving money.
4219	“It’s always a bummer to get pulled over by the cops.”
4220	It's always nice to see friends and colleagues help each other out.
4221	"It's amazing how much you can learn when you listen and don't talk," said McGinley, referring to the media scrutiny surrounding the decision.
4222	It's "an entirely different scale," he said, and one that can pay off someday in treatments for a long list of neurological and psychiatric disorders including schizophrenia, Parkinson's, depression, epilepsy and autism.
4223	It's apparent that they are all the same person.
4224	“It’s a pretty awesome feeling, we have shown a lot of character from a couple of weeks back when we were badly beaten by India, so I couldn’t be happier,” Taylor said.
4225	It's a question that has come up quite a lot since the financial crisis in Europe began.
4226	It's a remarkable story of determination, perseverance and above all, a deep love of music, jazz music in particular.
4227	It's a remarkable turnaround for a firm that just five years ago had to bring back former CEO Howard Schultz after overexpansion and error-filled forays beyond coffee -- ranging from breakfast foods to music -- eroded customer patience.
4228	It's a rental property, so I'm not sure if I'll see them again.
4229	It's a safety measure, and it is also supposed to reduce the time it takes to go through security checks at football games.
4230	"It's a significant commitment from Cisco," Alsop said.
4231	"It's a simple matter of she's breaking the law," she said.
4232	It’s a smart staging choice, an example of overcrowding that helps set the right mood.
4233	It's a tough conference, but he'll be pushing our top runners.
4234	"It's a tough pill to swallow, definitely a frustrating loss," said Ravens safety James Ihedigbo.
4235	It's a very different outlook to the Jalili period," said Randjbar-Daemi at Manchester university.
4236	It's a very strong album indeed."
4237	It's a very, very high level of treatment.'
4238	It says Juneau is paying out "fictitious" claims due to a misinterpretation of the settlement.
4239	It says the allegations are based on doctored intelligence from America, Israel and their allies.
4240	It’s been 365 days since we’ve had a chance at a new start.
4241	"It's been a good thing for our industry, and I'm fully supportive of it.
4242	“It’s been a really good team all year, and it’s been a good staff to work with them,” Cubs general manager Jed Hoyer said.
4243	It's been a tough year for UConn basketball, with conference realignment and the men's program barred from the NCAA tournament because of academics.
4244	"It's been like that.
4245	It’s being done by the State Department and by government departments where everyone is participating in this final environmental impact assessment,” she said.
4246	It's best for me and it's best for them.
4247	It's called democracy!
4248	“It’s called 'The Fixer' over there, and it just started its second season.
4249	It's certain situations where if we're not necessarily in a great play, it's the quarterback's job to get us in a good play and make checks.'
4250	It's cold in the Hague.
4251	It's cool, computer geeks, we all keep it stored somewhere in the personal hard drive known as the brain.
4252	It scored the environmental hazards in each community then added in human health factors such as the number of children and elderly in the area, the birth weights of infants, asthma rates and poverty levels.
4253	It’s Davidson’s bat and ability to hit for power that most attracted the Sox, who acquired him Monday for closer Addison Reed.
4254	It's easy to forget, nearly 20 years on, how deep were the fears in 1994 as South Africa prepared for its first, genuinely free, multi-racial elections.
4255	It seemed essential to have both in order to be worthy of 'a seat on the panel' to use Sheryl's analogy again.
4256	It seemed to surge about an hour or two before the high tide.
4257	It seems brother Ateny is out of touch with the reality on the ground.
4258	"It seems pretty user-friendly, Kudner said.
4259	It seems texting or emailing that you are late somehow means you are no longer late.
4260	It seems to be a manatee interacting with a powered watercraft, seen from a camera perhaps thirty feet below the boat.
4261	It seems unlikely the environmental, pacifist party would form a government with Merkel's Christian Democrats, however, its leadership indicated on Monday they were not ruling out the possibility of talks.
4262	“It’s entirely consistent with a technical fault at a central facility; it’s also completely consistent with a decision to use an internet kill switch,” he said in a telephone interview.
4263	"It's fascinating when you see the people buried there," Lehman says. 415-561-5300; presidio.
4264	It’s for this reason, he said, that the Madison Project was selective in choosing which candidates to back and pointed to the their support of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz as one example.
4265	It's frequently emptied and then composted.
4266	"It's going to be great.
4267	"It's got to be verifiable, it's got to be definitive, and it's got to be time sensitive," he told reporters.
4268	It's hard for most anyone to be out of work, but it's particularly harsh for young people trying to get their start; in many ways, they will likely suffer the most.
4269	It's hard not to get a headache watching this video, posted online by Franz Grueter.
4270	It's hard to imagine a more receptive crowd for Surface RTs discounted 86 percent or Surface Pros discounted 60 percent -- hard to imagine a better way to dump 20,000 Surfaces, too.
4271	It's hard to know if similar dynamics will play out in a gubernatorial race in an off-year election, when no federal candidates are on the ballot.
4272	It’s hard to make people believe a car with this much power can be as calm as it is, as civilized.
4273	It's her home away from home at the Maryland Health Society, a nudist club where she has been a member for the last decade.
4274	"It's history, it's part of the culture, and it should never have been taken down in the first place," he told DW.
4275	It shouldn’t be allowed to do that.
4276	It's how my dad spent the '90's.
4277	"It shows you the growth of the industry," he said.
4278	It's humorous to see the same folks who use petroleum products, like gasoline, point fingers at the oil companies.
4279	It simply cannot afford to allow the Syrian civil war to ooze over into its territory and not take firm action.
4280	"It simply goes too far," Flake said on his Facebook page.
4281	It's important, especially when hitting the road, to verify that the address and phone numbers listed on the tag are up-to-date.
4282	“It’s incredible he hit it that far,” said Eckersley, who four years later would coin the term “walk-off” after another blown save, “and flat-footed.”
4283	"It's incredible to win like that and take the pink jersey as well," Paolini said.
4284	It's ironic that it's primarily Ferguson's fault (telling the club Moyes should replace him) that is now hastening the decline.
4285	It's just a matter of time before you run into trouble.
4286	It's just not, you know, another game.
4287	It’s just too dangerous," he told us.
4288	It's just up to coach.
4289	It’s kept that rate at a record low near zero since 2008.
4290	“It’s kind of a dance.
4291	Its leaders are in jail including founder Abimael Guzman, who is serving a life sentence.
4292	“It's like a drive-by shooting: You're going fast and you might hit it, you might miss it.
4293	“It’s like a pot of gold sitting right in front of me.
4294	"It's likely someone knows about someone's frustration about the dogs' barking or some other behavior which caused this incident to occur."
4295	It’s likely that many people consume more than what’s recommend in a given day– or week.
4296	"It’s like opening a Pandora’s Box," Cho told CBC News.
4297	"It's like she's just not gone because there is no closure.
4298	It's like the American flag.
4299	It's nice to play with a Hall of Famer who hits it in the middle of the fairway and middle of the green.
4300	It's no surprise, then, that Glassman's reappearance has been accompanied by steaming piles of scorn.
4301	It's not about stopping more cars and generating revenue the Utah Highway Patrol says it's about saving lives.
4302	It's not as if there haven't been opportunities before.
4303	Its not easy but we have managed it very well.
4304	It's not home-selling season yet, but Wall Street will be looking hard at today's new-home sales numbers.
4305	"It's not just as simple as 'No Fracking'" or other bans, said Tahir Duckett, an AFL/CIO representative who spoke at a Saturday Power Shift panel that sought to promote dialogue between environmentalists and workers.
4306	"It's not just more culturally acceptable for men to spend on looking good, it's becoming perceived as a necessity," the report said.
4307	"It's not likely to have a huge impact on financials or customer behavior," said Nemer, who noted that customers are not likely to go to Target's guest services desk for a refund for just a small difference in price.
4308	It's not like there's any radical muslims, etc to worry about in this country.
4309	It’s not new, it’s usually used.
4310	It's not that easy, obviously.
4311	It’s not the politicians’ pamphlet.
4312	It's not the request, it's him, I really do hope she can stay in her home.
4313	It's not uncommon for teams to try to put someone bigger against Parker; in fact, the majority of the league does so fairly regularly.
4314	It's not what this country is about."
4315	It’s odd that such a generous act is so rarely discussed, let alone celebrated.
4316	"It's one of those moments when I just can't believe that happened," Browne told the New York Times' Eric Wilson.
4317	It’s one of those things, we don’t understand why," said Juan Villarreal, the victim’s nephew.
4318	It's one thing to pay $8 to drink some suds while watching LeBron and Dwyane Wade.
4319	"It's one tool to help us validate or invalidate whether they're doing it," he said.
4320	It's only bus stop gossiping not worth mentioning.
4321	It's on Saturday and Sunday.
4322	"It's organized fouling," Bilas said.
4323	"It sounded like a transformer that blowed up," said Odell Rich, a fruit vendor who said he witnessed the crash.
4324	"It sounds like they're longtime friends and partners and business partners who are having a serious spat,'' Karas continued.
4325	It's particularly breathtaking at night, a surprise to many who happen upon it then.
4326	It's possible that the criticism directed at him for months now initially had elements of being a campaign against him.
4327	It's powered by the heat of your hand.
4328	It's pretty close to home and I'm just really impressed with Coach Etnier over there.
4329	"It's really nice when somebody comes back to work and they are a fully functioning citizen and employee in our company."
4330	"It's really rough.
4331	Its sad when partying is more important than your child.
4332	Its software has more than 1 billion users and remains immensely profitable — it made a US$6 billion net profit on nearly US$20 billion of revenues in its past financial year.
4333	"It's something that I'll always remember," he said, "that he'll always remember to kind of get that one, final snap together after the thousands that we've taken together."
4334	"It's something we'll certainly continue to look at.
4335	"It's something where we have to start with the problem, the area around the building," he explained.
4336	It's so sad that Dom Brown is the ONE PROSPECT that Rube decided to hold onto.
4337	Its success is the result of its attractive costs compared with larger centers, its proximity to the industrial base of nearby Toronto, and the benefit of being home to University of Waterloo, one of the country's leading engineering schools.
4338	"It's supposed to act as a deterrent, essentially to the respondent.
4339	It's the 10th consecutive time Mississippi State has been the first SEC opponent for Auburn (2-0).
4340	It’s the click.
4341	It's the first highway tunnel to be built in California in nearly 50 years.
4342	It's the latest thread undone in the Republican Party's unraveling, following last week's mass gang-up on Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., whose libertarian-inspired, non-interventionist foreign policy, Rep. Peter King, R-N.
4343	It's the right thing to do and it also makes money sense.
4344	Its the safest place for everyone concerned.
4345	It's the second time in two months and the fourth time overall that Davis has been accused of violating probation since being released from prison.
4346	It's the spring of 2009, he's just finished a Dead show in Washington, D.C., and he gets a pop quiz from The Huffington Post.
4347	"It's time for him to take it to the next level," said Seattle Seahawks safety Jeron Johnson, who played for Petersen at Boise State.
4348	It's true that Africa faces great challenges, and meeting these challenges together is a focus of my trip.
4349	It's true the last time Marion retired against me I won the tournament (Strasbourg 2011), but it's a long way to a title for me.
4350	"It's truth or dare there constantly and you gain social credit in that group by performing feats of stupidity."
4351	It's two completely different worlds.
4352	It's unclear what's next for Figueroa, KVOA reported.
4353	It's unclear whether the child intentionally fired the gun or fired it by accident, but Brandon was struck in the head, with the bullet lodged in his brain, at 7 p.m.
4354	It's unlikely the Broncos will fire director of player personnel Russell or director of pro personnel Heckert today when the organization meets to decide what punishments to levy.
4355	"It's up to everyone to build a connection and a bridge in his mind from Miriam to Syria or from Josef to Africa," she added.
4356	It's up to you now to provide quality services such that all the Shs 40bn is spent," he said.
4357	It's very clever, but there's definitely stuff in it for a kid.
4358	"It's very difficult," Ferguson said.
4359	"It's very difficult to explain how this could have happened because the ship should not have been where it was," the head of the Genoa Port Authority, Luigi Merlo, told local newspaper il Secolo XIX.
4360	“It’s very disappointing,” Noah said.
4361	"It's very hard to make predictions when you are trying to unlock two or three areas in the car," he said.
4362	"It's when the shooting ends, when the population is no longer reporting movements by the jihadists, those will be the signs that the situation has improved"
4363	It took a 2009 lawsuit to get the feds to finally act, in 2011, to outline a critical habitat area for the beasts, as required by law.
4364	It took the former Strikeforce champ right off his feet, and Belfort moved in immediately.
4365	It turns out it can, and very easily.
4366	“It used to be that if you wanted to steal money from a bank you had to walk into a bank with a gun.
4367	"It usually happens when you're getting beat around on the mound," said Gibbons, who also pointed to some good young talent in the Houston lineup.
4368	"It was a bit of a survival.
4369	It was a different time where you could be an underground superstar, where the right people in the right cities know who you are.
4370	It was a good time to be cheerful.
4371	"It was a hard thing to go through and a hard thing to live through and I knew the trials and tribulations that someone who is going through mental illness goes through.
4372	"It was a humbling experience knowing your dad was one of the most famous people in the game."
4373	It was also an early experiment for Google in social networking, as the service's sharing features inspired friendships and even marriages.
4374	"It was an anonymous bidder," he said.
4375	It was a quality game and just as well large parts of the continent were watching the game live on SuperSport 9 as the two teams fought long and hard and gave the fans full value for coming to Rufaro on Easter Sunday.
4376	It was around that time, too, that Richard Young said he started noticing a change in Titus' behavior.
4377	It was a significant effort on behalf of the entire administration, the students, faculty and alumni.”
4378	It was a similar story -- a father sold his sick baby son to a couple who could not have children of their own, because he could not afford to care for him.
4379	It was a slow start for the both teams with cold shooting dominating most of the first half.
4380	"It was a strange night.
4381	It was a ton of work for us and we didn't do the work and endure the disruption for any reason other than the fact that there's a strategy there that just gets stronger over time.
4382	It was a two-fold conflict that required a new strategy from the United States.
4383	It was a very emotional night tonight, and I thought we did a good job of handling it because they had a lot to play for."
4384	It was a very large animal."
4385	It was a voice echoed by most shareholders, who insisted that the project was taking too long and a return on investment is looking doubtful, considering Habesha's current state.
4386	It was broadcast daily on radio (television hardly existed in 1947), and in those days you could walk along the street and literally hear the game from radios played in stores.
4387	It was charged simultaneously with preservation and development.
4388	''It was crazy,'' Releford said.
4389	It was criticised for not getting out in front of the story, for 'letting the story happen to it' (and perhaps rightly so).
4390	It was developed last spring by a high school coach in Colorado and features three-on-three play, with one goalie guarding a small net with a regular stick.
4391	It was different in every season, a part of the landscape like an old tree.
4392	It was difficult to trace the origin of the collection called "Three Stories," with the only known copies of the stories existing in research libraries at the University of Texas and Princeton University, it said.
4393	It was even found that an error in a spreadsheet was partly responsible.
4394	"It was everything I could have imagined and more.
4395	"It was exciting for me because when I was little, I watched him pitch."
4396	It was fantastic," Hellier says with a smile.
4397	It was far stronger and lasted longer than previous ones.
4398	It was Freya's ex-boyfriend, Doug, who'd been trapped in..
4399	It was Game 6 of the 1980 World Series at old Veterans Stadium.
4400	"It was good for the program and good for the town," he said.
4401	It was halted in 1978 due to a deterioration in water quality before being revived by popular demand in 2011.
4402	"It was just a parade, and one of the parents bought them all ice cream," Richmond coach Rick Coughlin said.
4403	It was just not plausible.
4404	It was just the way he talked.
4405	'It was like winning the lottery!
4406	It was meant to segregate them from the rest of society.
4407	It was not clear how long the contaminated food had been on the menu or how many pupils may have eaten it.
4408	"It was nothing short of a Marching 100 performance," he said.
4409	It was not immediately clear where the child was found when emergency responders were called.
4410	It was not immediately clear whether the assault was linked to unprecedented twin bombings which left over 20 dead last week.
4411	It wasn't John Tortorella quietly walking onto the Canucks' bench at Madison Square Garden on Saturday.
4412	It was one of her first patronage choices after she married Prince William in 2011.
4413	It was one of the most embarassing defeats in Canadian soccer history.
4414	"It was overwhelming to know," said Renna Leatherwood, who is married to the grandson of Jimmie Leatherwood, one of the men killed at Wereth.
4415	It was recently taken over by the high-profile Swiss Art Basel franchise, which has been showcasing modern and contemporary art since 1970.
4416	It was replaced shortly after by one that excluded the prosecutor's reference to Bo's argument.
4417	It was revealed on Wednesday that LeaseWeb wiped its servers in February, effectively erasing Megaupload and its data from the Internet.
4418	It was Rodgers' first home playoff victory.
4419	It was suddenly an 8-4 game.
4420	It was supposed to last through July.
4421	It was their first win in their past 10 road games.
4422	It was the last home game for seniors Jared Swopshire, Reggie Hearn and Alex Marcotullio.
4423	It was the very first question asked in President Obama’s long press conference on Tuesday, and the very first question asked of Treasury Secretary Jack Lew at this morning’s Senate hearing.
4424	It was unclear whether that figure, cited in a letter last month by House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp, R-Wis., included only people who enrolled in private health plans or also low-income people who joined Medicaid.
4425	It was welcome news to Earnhardt, who won 17 races in the "old" car but only two after the CoT was introduced during the 2007 season.
4426	It was your basic American night out, a few hours of thumping rock-and-roll, getting down at a gritty roadhouse.
4427	I tweeted out something to that effect earlier this week and got lambasted by people who viewed that as a "weakness" on my part, with some suggesting I should give up my vote if I'm not willing to judge a 19-year-old's integrity.
4428	"It will be an interesting comparison, an interesting test - the last one before the season gets going with the German Cup on Monday," Rummenigge said.
4429	It will be just us.”
4430	It will better weigh the costs and benefits of the impact of the rule to support the economic rationale behind it.
4431	It will change.
4432	It will help the general public.”
4433	•It will not necessarily replace the XTS, which is based on a front-drive chassis, and also offers an all-wheel-drive variant.
4434	It will reopen to fishing from the bank when there is sufficient open water.
4435	“It will take time to see whether the county’s smartphone market or penetration rate will grow at a fast pace or not,” he said.
4436	It wiped out entire communities in coastal New York and New Jersey, paralyzed mass transit systems and left tens of thousands of people homeless.
4437	It woos the United States and then bashes it.
4438	It worked out good.
4439	It would add 6 million more dollars to your social safety net.
4440	It would also transform the health care program for older Americans into a voucher-like system for future recipients.
4441	It would be confirmed a few years later with 'Citizen Kane,' " he said.
4442	"It would be unprecedented," Castro said in answer to a question by Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., the senior Democrat on the panel.
4443	Ivanschitz has made 29 appearances for Mainz this season, scoring six goals and adding six assists.
4444	I've a better reputation abroad.
4445	"I've always enjoyed drawing and doodling and crafting and baking, and all of those forces collide when decorating cookies and marshmallows," she says.
4446	I've been groaning at the trailer for The Butler since before it went all Tyler Perry on us and became Lee Daniels' The Butler.
4447	“I’ve been in housing for decades and I didn’t know the extent this was going on.”
4448	"I've committed to start that process expeditiously, and I certainly expect to have substantial numbers of that (evaluation of export license applications) this year," Moniz said.
4449	"I've felt nauseated, headaches, showing some symptoms.
4450	I've got to tell you, one time, I was on the bus coming downtown from the East Side.
4451	"I've heard from job creators and health care providers about the negative impact Obamacare is already having across our economy."
4452	“I’ve heard from small groups from time to time.
4453	“I’ve never done that,” Gonzalez said.
4454	I've picked up distance and I'm hitting the ball straighter.
4455	“I’ve played sports since I was 5,” said the 33-year-old Ohio woman.
4456	I've said for a while that we're not going to talk about 2012,'' he said.
4457	I wailed to my husband.
4458	Iwakuma deserves more credit than he's receiving for his consistent excellence, not to mention his persistence.
4459	“I walked into his studio and the first thing he told me is that he just got married that day.
4460	''I want a chance to show people my character is better than it was in the past,'' Dyer said.
4461	“I wanted him to see me.
4462	I wanted to address them face-to-face'
4463	I want it to fail now, in the early stages.
4464	I want justice for my son and my grand-babies and my daughter-in-law," Terri L. Morrison said.
4465	"I want my students to go to college and know how to work in a laboratory.
4466	"I want to be absolutely clear the overwhelming majority of people who suffer from mental illnesses are not violent," Obama said in his opening remarks, adding that there are also many perfectly healthy people who still resort to violence.
4467	I want to believe, but I can’t believe.
4468	"I want to know what they are going to do or what they are attempting to do," Lewis-Carter said.
4469	“I want to live with my wife, because I love her.”
4470	I was a little more nervous than I thought I'd be.
4471	I was an intern for a private investigator for a while.
4472	I was a passenger on a small corporate jet for 12 years, and thanks to the skill of pilot Comer Butler I'm here today.
4473	"I was definitely amped up for this," said Prust, who played parts of three seasons with New York before leaving this past offseason.
4474	I was definitely excited to have a player like him join our hockey club," Benn said.
4475	I was excited because I knew it would be a good learning experience.”
4476	I was fascinated to learn, for example, that 29 recently opened places are in the running for the Best New Restaurant award, but that only one of them, Empellón Cocina, is in New York City.
4477	I was feeling very Dutch that morning: gray skies overhead, my fingers grimy from manhandling a bicycle and a day full of tulips ahead of me.
4478	"I was getting nervous we weren't going to have hockey this year," said Reid Ribble, whose dad joined him, his wife and their two young sons to watch the Red Wings skate last Sunday.
4479	I was hoping to create what's been created."
4480	“I was just trying to keep an open mind.”
4481	"I was kind of a little bit worried about the 36 hole day just because recently I've been getting tired and my heart is still in the healing process," Banks told CBC News.
4482	I was looking forward to seeing Tom Daley in his debut television show.
4483	''I wasn't in the zone, I was just focused on what I tried to do,'' said Horschel, who missed the cut in his only previous US Open appearance as a teenager in 2006.
4484	I was on the way back from the deer lease here in TX.
4485	“I was pleading with the soldiers.
4486	"I was putting on weight and everyone commented about it, but that is where it stopped," she recalls.
4487	"I was shaking–I had to go to the bathroom so bad"
4488	I was shooting an ad once and the ad agency demanded that a kid was switched because they didn't like the way they BLINKED.
4489	I was told that it was a brand-new $15,000 gown that had just come in the night before,"; Dunn says.
4490	I was too young to know what a sociopath was.
4491	I was very fortunate to have a lot of guys like that.
4492	"I was very impressed and plan on sending her a little reward money, too.
4493	I was wondering if Peace did.
4494	I went on the ACA website.
4495	"I went to walk past because I live at the end of the the road and a police lady told me to get back.
4496	I wholeheartedly agree with the larger point about "solutions journalism," however.
4497	I will continue to pursue my defamation against Laura Robinson in the courts and, now, expose her questionable tactics and methods to Canadians.
4498	I will just watch the news on the telly instead.
4499	I will prove to you that you don't have to be all angles and corners, that there is room for some softness because you all love to hug on my soft bits, burrowing into my arms and my breasts to rest for a while.
4500	I wish Lady Gaga had actually sung her new single 'Applause,' because it's a halfway decent track.
4501	I wish to add that Bahamians are shocked and fed up with these protests.
4502	“I wish was we would have got him one more run,” Thompson said.
4503	I wonder if Mayday is also the first step toward an online version of Nordstrom’s personal shopping advisers.
4504	I wonder if They Might Be Giants will call this number and ask for their bit from 1987 back.
4505	I wonder what the reaction would be if the Sheriffs weren't going to enforce other laws they don't like?"
4506	I wonder when her centerfold edition of Guns & Ammo is coming out.
4507	I won't be surprised if he's not dead within 5 years.
4508	" I Won't Let The Criminals Out Of Prison Earley"!
4509	I would fully support renationalising The railways, The phone services, and Electricity supplies.
4510	I would like to send my heartfelt congratulations."
4511	I would not blame Jake Locker on him.
4512	I wouldn’t buy one.
4513	I wouldn't mind enough on the ground just to see my 8 month old puppy's reaction to it.
4514	I would rather believe in our Prosecutors office than the defense attorney's version of events.
4515	"I would really estimate that people realize that it's probably a bit risky today, perhaps very risky if they should jump to misuse.
4516	I would support a ban as long as it allows those bags.
4517	I wrote out a list of possible responses and put them by the phone so that I was ready to say, “I will not allow you to speak to me like that” and “If you can’t speak to me respectfully, I will end this conversation.”
4518	Jackline Daris, a Kenyan student in Bonn and member of Neema International, an organization that cares for underprivileged children in Kenya says they use their collections to send children in Nairobi's slums to school.
4519	Jackson lasted five innings, giving up three runs and seven hits.
4520	Jackson’s first victory with his new team was as much about being able to hit as pitch.
4521	Jaden was an adorable baby.
4522	Jailed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) leader Abdullah Ocalan and the Ankara government began peace talks last October to halt a conflict which has killed 40,000 people and blighted Turkey's mainly Kurdish southeast.
4523	Jamaica Day is a component of the Culture in Education Programme at the Ministry of Education, and is celebrated annually on the last Friday in February.
4524	Jamaica HAS been ranked as possibly the worst place for women to do business in Latin America and the Caribbean.
4525	James Amerson spotted this field of sunflowers while traveling from Portofino to Florence.
4526	James Miganelli of Harmony, Pa., caught Friday's 3M Peltor Big Bass weighing 5 pounds, 12 ounces in the co-angler division to win $250.
4527	James Reynolds, 45, was among the revelers, saying he had been married to his partner of 23 years several times, including once in California.
4528	James van Riemsdyk scored twice, and Nazem Kadri and Joffrey Lupul also had goals for the Leafs, who needed to earn a point and get a little help from the New York Islanders to make the playoffs.
4529	Jamil has had to confront obstacles film-makers elsewhere rarely face.
4530	Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who was the co-chairperson of the event, paid tribute to the African leaders who attended the meeting.
4531	Japan imported kanji some time during the first millennium to use as a writing system, despite there being no linguistic link between Japanese and Chinese.
4532	Japan's highest court ruled that the evidence was not enough to overturn previous rulings, but some rights groups have called for a re-trial over the possibility his confession was coerced.
4533	Japan's MAXI telescope on the International Space Station also observed a bright X-ray source at the same place on that same day.
4534	Japan's weather agency has announced a record early start of cherry blossom season.
4535	Jardine believed Bradman struggled against balls which bounced into his chest and formed a tactic to exploit this.
4536	Jared Bell of Deering set a state record in the discus with a throw of 176-7.
4537	Jarju said: "After every firing at the range, Alpha company instructors put all the results and evaluate them.
4538	Jason C. Cote, 22, makes his initial court appearance at Somerset County Superior Court on July 26.
4539	Jason Collins, the NBA player who came out as gay last week, is putting himself out there in the name of Democratic Party politics.
4540	Jathran's ascent as a federalist rebel parallels Libya's descent into militia chaos.
4541	Javier thinks Xander is just a playboy, but Xander wants to help his brother with the rebuilding of the company.
4542	Jay had his run, time for new blood.
4543	Jean-Michel Caillau, the prosecutor in nearby Grasse who is leading an investigation, said early estimates were that the loot could have been worth as much as $1.4 million.
4544	Jean Pierre Nkurikiyumukiza, the chief of Gasharu village in Nyamagabe district, pointed out that the village chiefs are often forgotten when it comes to capacity building in governance.
4545	Jeb Bush entering the 2016 race?
4546	Jeffery had five receptions for 107 yards against the Lions — his best game in his two NFL seasons — including three catches against tough coverage for big gains.
4547	Jen Cole is our middle school librarian who helps us regularly.
4548	"Jenn hates me for that," Kingma said of UW trainer Jenn Stueckle.
4549	Jen Rezendes, who worked at Kuss before the schedule change, typically teaches double doses of 7th grade math -- back to back 45 minute periods, instead of just one.
4550	Jermain Defoe takes the chance to get an effort at goal and missed to the right of the net.
4551	Jessica Iwata gave UH the lead with an RBI double to left center in the bottom of the first.
4552	Jhonny Peralta rejoined the Tigers on Wednesday to workout.
4553	Jiang was referring to the 50 percent stake limit Taiwanese life insurers may have in a joint ventures in China with Chinese partners.
4554	Jimmy Cortés, a makeup artist, fitting a wig on Elza van den Heever.
4555	Jimmy Girad, 27, a builder, was in his home about 7 miles from the blast site when the explosion rattled windows and scared his two young sons.
4556	JLR's sales in Brazil for the first ten months of 2013 have increased by more than 40% to 9,549 vehicles.
4557	JLR will exhibit a new 9-speed automatic Evoque and an electric-powered version of its Land Rover Defender at the Geneva Motor Show next week.
4558	Joakim Noah had 10 points and 16 rebounds, and Carlos Boozer had 11 and 11 for Chicago.
4559	Joe Ben Johnson outside a McDonald's in Los Angeles on Thursday during a protest calling for $15 per hour for fast food workers.
4560	Joe DeLong, director of the Regional Jail Authority, told board members this week that he would like to cut the fee even further by hiring more employees to reduce overtime.
4561	Joe Kane and James Morrish scored the Oystermen's goals.
4562	Joel Rifkin, 34, is transferred to District Court 29 June, 1993 in Farmingdale, NY after police said he confessed to killing as many as 17 women.
4563	Joe McCulloch says in documents filed Tuesday that city prosecutor David Fernandez is compromised because of pressure from publicity and local politicians.
4564	Joe Vitale has performed with some of the most popular groups around including Crosby Stills and Nash, the Eagles, and Joe Walsh.
4565	"John Liebenberg had 20 of his own images on auction, including some of his most famous and poignant work from the namibian struggle for Independence," says Rees.
4566	Johnson said when she met the horses, they looked completely neglected, but more than that, they looked lifeless.
4567	Johnson was a Pacific Lutheran University graduate and a former Boeing employee, according to Kalivas.
4568	Joining the hosts live in-studio, the guys reflect on tonight's adrenaline-pumping episode, and provide viewers with the inside scoop.
4569	Join us on Saturday October 19, 10am to 6pm.
4570	Jonathan Gasthalter, a spokesman for SAC Capital, declined to comment.
4571	Jones has nothing more to prove and had an over 20 year career in Atlanta.
4572	Jones was great in those minutes, with two dunks and six points.
4573	Jose Mourinho got the better of old adversary Arsene Wenger once again as Chelsea showed their strength in depth by reaching the English League Cup quarter-finals with a 2-0 win over London rivals Arsenal on Tuesday.
4574	Joseph, for one, is back from a calf injury and could be available in Saturday’s road game at Toronto FC.
4575	Joseph Garang, a student in Juba, commended the decision to expel the media officials from cabinet, saying cabinet discussions were supposed to be conducted in secrecy while resolutions treated confidential.
4576	Josie Lee had 12 points, 11 rebounds, and six assists for Cony (8-6).
4577	Journalist Thouraya Khalil pointed to the fact that Kadhafi dissolved the military.
4578	Joyce Shaffer says people call her "The Patriot."
4579	Juanita Marie Kennedy, 75, of Bethalto died at 12:02 a.m. Sunday, Dec. 8, 2013 at Christian Hospital N. E. with her family by her side.
4580	Juba — On Monday, 5 August, a group of armed men attacked a car belonging to Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) on a main road outside Juba, South Sudan.
4581	Judge John Douglas in provincial court heard Myers stabbed the man three times with a pocketknife, inflicting inch-deep wounds in the man's shoulder, thigh and back.
4582	Judge Saverio Chieffi told the court he would publish the reasoning behind his decision within 90 days, after which the parties would have 45 days to present their case.
4583	Judging from the album's tracks released so far, it’s a good bet that the studio and live incarnations of Bosnian Rainbows will prove to be very different animals.
4584	Julian De Guzman, left, and his Canadian teammates were stopped from advancing out of the group stage at the 2011 Gold Cup by Eybir Bonaga, right, and Panama in a 1-1 draw.
4585	Julie Larson-Green, for example, who now leads Windows engineering, will reportedly oversee all hardware design and development, including the Xbox and the company's Surface tablet line.
4586	July 1, 2013 - BART unions go on strike.
4587	Junaid Ahmed, a musician who lives in Karachi, said that Musharraf's biggest achievement was to act against the Islamists and ban radical organizations in the country.
4588	June 17:30 p.m., Theatre at Meydenbauer Center, 11100 N.E. Sixth St., Bellevue; $12-$24 (meydenbauer.
4589	June 28, 2004 - A videotape allegedly showing Maupin's execution is broadcast by Al-Jazeera.
4590	Juniors Maddie Chaness and Amanda Tenenzapf arrived at the stadium at 8:30 a.m. and had seats in the very front row next to the Michigan Marching Band.
4591	Jurors deliberated for about 90 minutes Monday after hearing closing arguments by Justice Department prosecutors and a lawyer for Kurt Mix, who is charged with two counts of obstruction of justice.
4592	Just 13 percent of smartphone users trade in their old handsets, according to a July NPD survey of 1,000 consumers.
4593	Just 26 of the city's 37 soul food restaurants received an "A" from the Department of Health.
4594	Just 400 km away in Nkandla, his government is spending R206 million of public funds on upgrading his own private home.
4595	Just a couple of weeks ago Stern was quoted as saying that he had "nothing to do..
4596	Just a few months ago, Western countries thought Assad's days were numbered.
4597	Just ask those women who have been attending the In Good Company book club, which has been meeting for 18 years.
4598	Just because something is done online doesn't mean that it's legal.”
4599	Just because you are 'technical' doesn't mean you can't be outgoing and successful.
4600	“Just doing my job and trying to gain a role on the defense as hopefully one of the guys that can pass rush,” Kikaha said.
4601	Just feet away from the mess, several empty bottle of dish soap could be seen scattered near the waterfall.
4602	Justice Clarence Thomas, who wrote the court's decision, said Myriad's assertion — that the DNA it isolated from the body for its proprietary breast and ovarian cancer tests were patentable — had to be dismissed because it violates patent rules.
4603	Justice Minister Mustapha Ramid confirmed the arrest in a statement to AFP, saying that police investigated with the prosecutor.
4604	Justice Thomas: Obama is president because he's approved by 'elites'
4605	Just ignore the energy wall we are speeding towards at breakneck speed and bow down to the alter of economics.
4606	Just imagine what prison will be like for someone named Abu Anas.
4607	Justin Taylor picked up a loose puck near the center circle, skated toward the left wing, and sent a hard shot from the neutral zone toward the Colorado net.
4608	Just little cowards afraid to live life.
4609	Just look at Waste Management, the nation's leading provider of waste management services, for example.
4610	Just my viewpoint on this incessant debate on organic food.
4611	Just over 20 years later, the 1991 graduate won an Oscar on Sunday night for the short documentary “Inocente,” which she co-directed with her husband, Sean Fine.
4612	Just remember that after the deadly attack on the US Consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi last September, the Romney campaign did not even wait one day to try to tie the incident to Obama's alleged failed Middle East policy.
4613	"Just short of midnight, there were two rapid and near- simultaneous major explosions on board the submarine, which resulted in a major and rapid spread of fire on board," Joshi said.
4614	Just stick him in the ground somewhere so we can get back to paying attention to things that actually matter.
4615	K2 would be conducted at the same time that researchers are performing "close-out" work for the original Kepler mission, making sure they have squeezed all the important information out of the instrument's enormous data set.
4616	KABC in Los Angeles reports that the store is selling shot glasses that resemble pill bottles, flasks that feature a prescriptionlike label for "Boozemin" and "syringe shot shooters."
4617	Kaczmarek is among the more than 20,000 unionized retirees whose pensions and healthcare benefits hang in the balance after Detroit filed the largest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history.
4618	Kadyrov has pacified his restive republic, enabling Russia to withdraw its occupation army, but at what critics say is a very high cost.
4619	Kaeslin was a special education teacher and former girls' soccer coach at Lincoln High School in Stockton when she was fired last year.
4620	KalNJ: Good job women of Texas.
4621	Kanawha County Commission President Kent Carper called the Daily Mail moments after Alsop's announcement.
4622	Kansas City Chiefs (10-3)The Chiefs displayed Sunday one of the biggest reasons they might be dangerous come January: special teams.
4623	Kapaun, an Army captain, was renowned for his bravery and caring.
4624	Karin Sullivan, a spokeswoman for the high school, said Rouse acted in part because the response to the assembly, part of anti-violence week activities, was so overwhelming.
4625	Karlan led a team of Clinic students in preparing a brief for the Court on behalf of Edith Windsor in United States v. Windsor.
4626	Kathlyn Dunn, 28, was arrested arriving on a Silk Air flight from Singapore two days before the German, attempting to smuggle in 2.6 kilos of crystal methamphetamine, said the judge.
4627	Kato then identified a phone found near the crime scene, but fled before she could be further questioned, the police statement said.
4628	Katy has been busy promoting the album worldwide with a launch in low key Japan on Tuesday.
4629	'Kay' rounded up the empathy of the nation nicely by pointing out that the dead cyclist "wasnt the only 'victim' here what about the driver?
4630	Keeling said that the files were password protected, but not encrypted.
4631	Keep them interested.
4632	Keep up with the reboots.
4633	Keith Grace Jr., 26, of Baytown, Texas were also killed.
4634	Keith Srakocic/Associated PressWilliam Johnson, left, chief of H.J. Heinz, and Alex Behring, a partner in 3G Capital, one of the companies buying Heinz.
4635	Kelsey Pritchard, a spokeswoman for Daugaard, said the governor and state economic development officials are visiting Connecticut on Monday and Tuesday to meet with gun manufacturers.
4636	Kendell Huether (left) and Kevin Bradfield (center) are seen with Jennifer Pimentel (right) in a photo taken in July, 2011.
4637	Kennebunk police began the undercover operation after receiving complaints about lewd activity there and at Rogers Pond.
4638	Kenner's story was colorful, but key pieces didn't hold up.
4639	KenolKobil traded 1.873m shares worth 16.259m.
4640	Kenseth and Busch made it a 1-2 finish for Joe Gibbs Racing for the second straight week and helped the organization win for the fourth time in the last five Cup races.
4641	Kent Highways does not support the idea because of Department for Transport guidelines on where a 40mph zone is acceptable, and Kent Police has also voiced its disapproval.
4642	Kent police have launched a new “Most Wanted” website, and two of the men featured on it and being sought for alleged offences in Dover.
4643	KENTUCKY: In danger of missing NCAAs?
4644	"Kenya Airways regrets to announce a delay in departure of flight KQ117 that was diverted to Athens on its way from Amsterdam to Nairobi."
4645	Kenyan Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed also spoke of a female British jihadi Monday but didn't identify Lewthwaite by name.
4646	Kenyan President, Uhuru Kenyatta delivers his speech as Kenya celebrates 50 years of independence at …
4647	Kenyan stocks and Egyptian stocks have a 200-day correlation of only 0.1, for instance, where a reading of 1 would signal perfect correlation.
4648	Kenyatta has maintained an early lead since polls closed after Monday's election, but it is still too early to declare a winner.
4649	Kepler was designed to spot exoplanets by noting the tiny brightness dips caused when they pass in front of, or transit, their host stars from the instrument's perspective.
4650	Kerry has led the committee for the past four years.
4651	Kerry said the two sides are committed to "sustained, continuous and substantive negotiations on the core issues" that divided them.
4652	Kershaw allowed three runs on six hits in three innings of work.
4653	Kershaw, meanwhile, is leading the majors in ERA, ERA+, WHIP and innings pitched (204).
4654	Kevin Gausman pitched in eight games at Bowie this season, going 2-4 with a 3.11 ERA.
4655	Kevin Ware talks with teammate Luke Hancock as he is tended to by medical personnel.
4656	Keyboard shortcuts are absolutely awesome, though.
4657	Keyes was indicted on April 18, 2012, in connection with Koenig's murder.
4658	Kezaala said that they have secured the services of over 200 participants from the Common Wealth Local Governments Summit to take part in the painting exercise.
4659	Kezia Joy Waldner was rushed to the hospital in Morris, about 25 kilometres away, but resuscitation efforts failed and Kezia died, RCMP said.
4660	Khalid Hanifi Khalid Hanifi’s music career makes for an interesting story — one that's just taken an unexpected turn in the middle.
4661	Khalifa is a spiritual leader not restricted to any country.
4662	Khan's daughter from another marriage will get two-thirds the lottery proceeds and some investments.
4663	Khartoum persists in its barbaric ways because the world refuses to take the suffering and destruction in Darfur seriously, and nowhere is this more conspicuous than within the United Nations.
4664	Khartoum — Sudanese legislators have engaged intensive efforts to convince president Omer Al-Bashir to order the release of detainees accused of fomenting a military coup against the regime last year.
4665	"Kids are growing up much faster younger," Silver says.
4666	Kids would see as much, or more, at the beach or on TV.
4667	Kiki Bertens retired from the semifinal with back pains while trailing 5-0.
4668	KING 5 did contact the demoted employee Thursday night.
4669	King Phillipe was visiting the scene of the accident Saturday night with Prime Minister Di Rupo.
4670	Kingsford said he talked to several experts about the cause of death of Marianne Tupac.
4671	Kingston— Michael Kinnie, owner of Lake Ontario Playhouse in Sackets Harbor, decided to make a short film for fun using his 11-month-old daughter as the main character.
4672	Kinlow says the Brixton get-together, which is thin owing to the six At-Large candidates' parties going on elsewhere in town is not a victory party but a moment to pause before gearing up for the next several weeks.
4673	Kirby has a 30 per cent chance of developing further cancer.
4674	Kirk and Marquette’s Devante Gardner had a few good battles in the afternoon scrimmages, and it could come down to an either/or situation depending on how the coaches want to play it.
4675	@KKStJohn No it is why you are even on the planet had your ancestors not hunted for food you wouldn't even exist.
4676	Kliuev dismissed the accusations saying the protocols of Popov and Sivkovych interrogations were falsified.
4677	Klokow entered the plea on Monday in an appearance before Sheboygan County Judge Angela Sutkiewicz, according to court records.
4678	Knife-wielding gangs reportedly attacked the township's police stations, and a local government building and set fire to several police vehicles, Xinhua reported Communist Party officials as saying.
4679	Knight, aware of the incoming police presence, ran from his room to the parking lot and got inside of a black Toyota Tundra pickup, officials said.
4680	"Knowing the kind of person he is, he will fight to the end," said Sima Nan, a well-known defender of Bo's policies who makes a living appearing on television entertainment shows.
4681	Known as a musician whose recordings feature all manner of cross-genre sounds and multi-cultural references, Beck has been keeping his fans on their toes for more than 20 years now.
4682	Known for his booming serve, the six-foot-five Raonic showed improvement in other facets of his game in 2013.
4683	Known for its $55-a-year membership fee and its massive, austere warehouses stocked floor to ceiling with indulgent portions of everything from tilapia to toilet paper, Costco has thrived over the last five years.
4684	Known for its speed trap and annual peach festival, Morven also has been one of the most prolific users of the Defense Department program, getting more than $4 million worth of goods over the past decade.
4685	Knowyourcard.org is one such website that outlines what people can expect in the oncoming weeks as the outcome of the settlement goes into effect.
4686	Kobe lobbying for Howard, Gasol's return EL SEGUNDO, Calif. — Kobe Bryant rolled into the media workroom at the Lakers’ practice facility on a scooter, protecting his surgically repaired Achilles tendon.
4687	Kobe's dunk over 2 nets was much better cause he was going straight down the lane and the 2 tall nets guys came over to block and they just missed by a hair.
4688	Koch, who never married, was often criticized by playwright, novelist and LGBT rights advocate Larry Kramer for not doing more to stop the spread of AIDS in New York.
4689	Kolb's deal doesn't preclude the Bills from taking a first-round quarterback, and I'm still projecting Buffalo to do just that by picking West Virginia's Geno Smith.
4690	"Korea has a good ecosystem of suppliers, and Hyundai thinks it's better to raise wages than risk taking suppliers to new markets overseas," said Lee Hyung-sil, an auto analyst at Shinyoung Securities.
4691	Kristina Borderia added emphasis with a spike on the last point.
4692	Krokodil became popular in Russia because heroin can be difficult to obtain and is expensive.
4693	Krystol Tofstad uses a hot glue gun to paste “jewels” onto fabric for her daughter’s homemade Halloween costume.
4694	KS> held 8.3 percent of the market with Ford trailing at 7.5 percent.
4695	Kuang stands in the kitchen, frustration etched into every line of her face.
4696	KuniArr: If you were a bit more mysterious youʻd never get any of your points across.
4697	Kyambadde said it $220 was fair as "most traders importing fall under that less than $50,000 category."
4698	Kyle Ellsworth said, “Definitely do it.
4699	Lacherez and his colleagues gave 270 people between the ages of 70 and 88 a battery of physical tests to gauge their strength, flexibility, balance, reaction times and sensory perception.
4700	Lacy has filled the void and done so with reckless abandon.
4701	Lacy said in his deposition that nobody at BP chose "cost over safety."
4702	LADEE will orbit the planet two more times before performing a major burn on Oct. 6 that is expected to send it into lunar orbit, according to NASA officials.
4703	"Ladies leaving their purses in the vehicle and it unlocked apparently long enough to drop off their children, and the same incident.
4704	Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babatunde Fashola (SAN), who was appointed the governors' spokesman, told reporters after the meeting that rather than fomenting a crisis in the NGF, it should be strengthened for the good of the nation.
4705	Lampard then atoned for his penalty miss by smashing home a free kick midway through the opening half from 35 yards, and the lead was never seriously threatened in the second 45 minutes.
4706	Lang Whitaker, an editor for the NBA style blog, likes seeing someone such as Wade take a fashion risk, including the shrunken pants a la directional designer Thom Browne.
4707	Lanza skipped a class taught by Victoria Soto, and entered one taught by substitute teacher Lauren Rousseau.
4708	Large pieces are washing ashore on the island.
4709	Larry Bunt was convicted in Hancock County Superior Court this week of multiple counts of gross sexual assault and unlawful sexual contact.
4710	Larry Dickerson, defence systems analyst at Forecast International, a U.S. defence marketing research firm, told IPS that besides the United States, there is a very long list of countries manufacturing these UAVs.
4711	Larry Grimard, in his letter, "How can carbon dioxide be causing Earth to warm?"
4712	Larson was impressive early, driving from 21st inside the top-12, and he lingered there alongside Juan Pablo Montoya, the driver he'll replace next season for Ganassi.
4713	Last fall, the province and ExxonMobil reached a deal to end a dispute over construction of a major Hebron component.
4714	Last July 26th, witnesses told police they heard gunshots around midnight, then a car speeding off.
4715	Last month lawmakers blasted its cost, about $2.7 million per prisoner per year, compared with $70,000 per inmate at maximum-security federal prisons.
4716	Last month, NPLEx blocked 667 purchases, according to the data.
4717	Last season's extraordinary run boosted our expectations for Atlanta Braves right-hander Kris Medlen.
4718	Last season, the Packers started backup quarterback Matt Flynn in Week 17 and kept Aaron Rodgers on the sideline.
4719	"Last season we relied on Martha for a lot of our scoring, and that took us pretty far but it didn't take us all the way," sophomore forward Juliana Harwood said.
4720	Last season, when the fences were moved in, Robinson Cano went 2 for 13 with one home run and four RBI.
4721	Last season, while Minella posted a career high with 22 points in 52 games with the Nailers, an injury derailed his season once again.
4722	Last September, the fire marshal reiterated its warning after receiving “reports that would indicate an increase in the use of these lanterns.”
4723	Last thing we need is you and your amateur douchebag entourage ramming into people.
4724	Last week, a blog post from the company teased a "new sound and camera experience" for smartphones this year.
4725	Last week, Jessica tweeted a photo of her baby girl with big pouty lips, writing, "Maxwell has her momma's pout down pat."
4726	Last Week, Kimaiyo named David Kimeli Ng'etich as the County Police Commander and Stanley Cheruiyot as the CID Commander.
4727	Last week's vote in the United States Senate to defeat a proposal for more thorough background checks for gun buyers is the new poster child for popular disgust with Congress.
4728	Last year, Amazon was criticized in Britain for paying 1.8 million pounds ($2.9 million) in tax in 2011 despite sales 207 million pounds.
4729	Last year, Chinese surveillance ships seized the Scarborough Shoal following a tense standoff with Philippine vessels.
4730	Last year, I would be yelling at him and he would be like, ‘OK, coach.’
4731	Last year she sold roughly $3 million worth of merchandise.
4732	Last year, the campaign provided 200 adults and 183 children with memberships.
4733	Last year, the EPA proposed limits only on new plants.
4734	Last year the FDA released guidelines for studying breast cancer drugs in the pre-surgical setting, with the aim of accelerating approval of promising therapies.
4735	Last year unemployment eased, the housing industry started to recover and people felt a bit more confident in the economy.
4736	Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department is looking for any information leading to the arrest of the suspects.
4737	LAS VEGAS—The Adult Entertainment Expo, the nation's premier porn convention, at first might seem like any other business gathering, with free tote bags branded with the logo of a corporate sponsor and a thick program of seminars.
4738	Lately she’s taken on part-time work handling title closings.
4739	Later, he tweeted photos from the set of "The Late Show" with David Letterman, where he was to appear Wednesday night.
4740	"Later, security forces evacuated us from the building."
4741	Laughter erupted in the Corporate Area Resident Magistrate's Court recently after a matter concerning a man who recently told police officers that he was the son of reggae legend Bob Marley was heard.
4742	Launched just over 12 months ago, Comedy Central (DStv Channel 122) has successfully lured South Africa's top comics into hosting its regular monthly stand-up gig.
4743	Laurenzi, a Wisconsin resident, had all of a sudden been tabbed as a guy who got one of the state's marquee athletes in trouble.
4744	Lavrov told Kerry that stepping up U.S. involvement would be "fraught with escalation in the region," the statement added.
4745	Law enforcement officials say alcohol and speed appear to be factors in the death of an Orrington man who was killed while snowmobiling.
4746	Law enforcement personnel hit the South Side of Youngstown in full force on Friday night, conducting what they call saturation patrols.
4747	Lawit seemingly suggests that the misunderstanding lay in this agreed sharing of contact lists, rather than an account break-in.
4748	Lawyers for Bryant and Goldin also did not return messages.
4749	Lawyers for the lab contended that managers had followed Department of Energy personnel standards and had not targeted higher-paid senior employees for layoffs.
4750	Lawyer Tawanda Zhuwarara, who is representing the three former legislators, told SW Radio Africa that their submissions Thursday were restricted to the holding of by-elections in three specific constituencies, as advised by Justice Chiweshe.
4751	Leaked any grand jury testimony lately?
4752	Leal said his office intends to finish remaining tasks such as getting the fountains working and re-landscaping two adjacent plazas in the coming months.
4753	Leave Clinton alone and move on!
4754	Lebanon and Syria share the same uneasy mix of Sunnis, Shiites, Christians and Alawites, or followers of an offshoot of Shiite Islam.
4755	LeBron calls Kobe's season-ending injury 'sad'
4756	Lecerf says he had previously taken his car to Renault over concerns about a jammed speed dial, but was told the car was fine; he plans to file a legal complaint.
4757	Lechuguilla Cave is the largest, with more than 130 miles of mapped passage.
4758	Left, EPA/Mario Guzman; right, Bryan Thomas for The New York Times Left, Ecobici in Mexico City; right, Citibike in New York City.
4759	Legislative leaders would get to pick the extra two.
4760	Lemo told NAN that when the CBN was going to introduce the polymer currencies, its search showed that they could last longer than ordinary paper notes.
4761	Leo "The Lip" Durocher would have understood what drove Mark Pincus, Zynga's former CEO who finally paid a price for his sharp-tongued, sharp-elbowed approach.
4762	Lerner is hoping to open his business in a couple weeks and says he only sees things on the Marion square going up from here.
4763	Leslie shouted, continuing her assault.
4764	Less came from nondurable goods, such as groceries.
4765	Less than 24 hours earlier, another coal mine blast in southwestern China killed 12 people.
4766	Less than half an inch more rain is needed to surpass 2003.
4767	Lester was 15-8 with a 3.75 ERA in 33 regular-season starts and has gone 2-1 with a 2.33 ERA in three starts during the postseason.
4768	Let him have it.
4769	Let me enlighten you, as to how we not only serve the people of Passaic, but the people in the eight towns that surround us.
4770	Let me start by acknowledging openly that my speech begins with a focus on the domestic politics of Europe – and not simply the foreign policy towards Europe.
4771	Let me tell you, that is in order in politics.
4772	Let's assume dad's not home for a valid reason, mom has to work too in today's need for two incomes.
4773	Let's embrace this, conquer our self-doubt and help others on the path to equality and success.
4774	Let set for at least 4 hours, and overnight if possible.
4775	Let's face it people.
4776	Let’s hope she didn’t have money riding on that prediction.
4777	Let’s say 4 to 10 times, so the length of Drumming can be an hour and 20 minutes, it can be 55 minutes, it CAN’T be 35 minutes, it CAN’T be an hour and a half, but there is that leeway in the early pieces.
4778	Let's see the attack in Kenya was led by the brother of a guy we killed a year ago?
4779	Let the state maintain back office administration, but let towns and regions set the base and the rates.
4780	Leveraging their knowledge and experience, Grassi & Co.'s Fund Administration Practice provides exceptional and timely fund accounting, investor and audit and tax assistance services to its clients on a daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly basis.
4781	Levine said Obama has been a supporter of the pipeline and would not have chosen Kerry if there were concerns about the project.
4782	Levine signs autographs in Valencia, California, in 2011.
4783	Levin’s utter conviction and interpretive depth were echoed by all three of her colleagues, who matched her line for line in an exciting performance that drew a sustained ovation from the audience.
4784	Levon Wameling is 11 months old, has blonde hair and – according to the child’s father, Jevon Wameling – he was last seen wearing a diaper on May 29 at 11:30 p.m. on the front porch of a residence at 748 Jay St.
4785	Levrant said the planes did not touch each other at a high speed.
4786	Lew rebuffed Republican demands that the administration negotiate over the debt ceiling.
4787	Lew should not be confirmed, the senator said, because "the budget that he wrote was condemned by The Washington Post, virtually every major newspaper in the country."
4788	Lexington and Blythewood will play the third game of the series Friday night at Carolina Stadium in Columbia.
4789	Leyland was tossed for the fourth time this season and for the 72nd time of his career.
4790	Liberalisation promotes innovation in terms of products, collection methods, better communication and introduction of new products.
4791	Li drew only three no votes and six abstentions from the carefully selected parliament.
4792	Light and non-custodial sentences have very little, if any, deterrent effect either to the actual offender or those who may commit such crimes in the future.
4793	"Like"Bruegger's Facebook Page, and you'll have access to a coupon that'll get you a dozen bagels and two tubs of cream cheese for $10.
4794	Like business, ag has evolved.
4795	Like -- 'I'm just joking.'
4796	Like I said, today was a nice day.
4797	Like many patents, this one may not ever see the light of day.
4798	Like many young men and women who've served their country, Caruso's first weeks back in the civilian world felt "kind of like a shell shock."
4799	Like much of Libya, Benghazi - cradle of the popular revolt that overthrew dictator Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 - is awash with weapons.
4800	Like the rings of Dante’s Inferno, they only differ in the kinds of torture offered.”
4801	Like the smaller side of the hospital where you get to know your co-workers,” said Clark.
4802	Like this year's event, the 2005 symposium was held in late June.
4803	Likewise, the men say the LDS Church knew that some of its Scoutmasters and troop leaders had molested boys in the past and that it nevertheless continued to put boys in harms' way.
4804	Likewise, we’ve seen rail fares up 9% a year, after the government allowed train operators to increase some fares by up 5% above the supposed ‘cap’.
4805	Like your résumé and cover letter, she recommends tailoring the list with names relevant to the job you're applying for.
4806	Lillet, the classic French aperitif, has made a single-vintage product since the 1960s.
4807	Lincoln The Musical begins filming soon!
4808	Linda and Calamut have been stocked with a native rainbow for the last couple of years.
4809	Linda was employed over 25 years with the Loveland School District and at Loveland City Hall.
4810	Linemen are limited in the offseason on how much they can bang on each other.
4811	Lipps has already refused a request to close the Steubenville proceedings from the public.
4812	@Lips Allegedly big foot came from Mars before the atmosphere collapsed and there are still orbs that are on the planet that communicate with big foot.
4813	Lisa Sutter, 52, who works for the city government in Washington, D.C., lost weight on Belviq when she took it for two years during one of the drug's trials.
4814	Listening to the last arguments of the term, justices heard an appeal from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, which wants a discrimination lawsuit won by Dr. Naiel Nassar thrown out.
4815	Listen to what they have to say before you make up your mind about their politicians, political and religious institutions and decision-making processes.
4816	LITCHFIELD -- Blistered Fingers Bluegrass Festival, at the Litchfield Fairgrounds, 30 Plains Road, begins today.
4817	LIT: Chris Colfer, best known for playing Kurt on Glee, will be at Vroman's in Pasadena signing copies of his new fantasy book, The Land of Stories: The Enchantress Returns.
4818	Little late for us to collectively ask that question, particularly since the answer was obvious in 2008.
4819	Live life full out today!
4820	LivingSmart Homes Canyon Hills is a great house, and served my needs but, due to being wounded, I needed to find a single story home.
4821	Loans for business purposes account for 12 percent to 14 percent of all lending on Prosper, according to the company.
4822	Loblaw Companies Ltd. (TSX:L) said Tuesday that it will sign a pact to improve fire and building safety in Bangladesh following the collapse of a factory in that country that killed more than 1,100 workers.
4823	Lobsang Tenzin, a political prisoner of almost 25 years in Drapchi was released from the prison in June of 2012 due to poor health, according to Radio Free Asia.
4824	Local 12's Angela Ingram shares some other problems the rain caused..
4825	Local cell phones allow all the functions of a regular mobile, with the exception of access to the Internet.
4826	Local education officials retain legal control over their students' information.
4827	Local gun stores aren't the only ones dealing with a shortage.
4828	Local gyms are already seeing more activity and staff members are ready to help their new members reach and hold on to their new year's goals.
4829	Local media reports said Snowden may have sought to talk to a lawyer.
4830	Local residents also said they knew that handling fertilizer was a potentially dangerous business.
4831	London — Alistair Burt deplores bomb attacks in Libya and reiterates UK support to Libyan Government and people in tackling insecurity.
4832	LONDON (AP) — Buckingham Palace accounts show Queen Elizabeth II will receive a 5% income boost following record portfolio profits.
4833	LONDON, April 26 (Reuters) - Chelsea's Fernando Torres can force his way back into the Spain team in time for next year's World Cup despite his struggles in the Premier League, according to Swansea City's Pablo Hernandez.
4834	London (CNN) -- The two men accused of killing British soldier Lee Rigby in the London neighborhood of Woolwich will stand trial for murder starting on November 18, a judge ruled Friday.
4835	LONDON — Electronic cigarettes worked just as well as nicotine patches to help smokers quit, according to the first study to compare them.
4836	LONDON (Reuters) - Europe's triumphant Ryder Cup team will be reunited on home soil for the first time when all 12 players and captain Jose Maria Olazabal compete in next month's PGA Championship at Wentworth.
4837	London's benchmark FTSE 100 index was up 0.26 percent to 6,683.68 points.
4838	London — THE BG Group PLC (BG.
4839	LONDON — The legendary Scotland Yard is on the move.
4840	London would typically read Shaw information from company press releases two or three days before they were released.
4841	Loneliness is not knowing there is a long weekend.
4842	Long Island, Bahamas - A small amount of suspected Marijuana plants were discovered at Long Island on Monday 8th April, 2013.
4843	Long-term bonds have higher duration which shows higher risk that will be compensated by higher expected return as longer term bonds are more volatile.
4844	Long term, HSBC said 'growing pains' would subside as China rebalances its economy away from exports and infrastructure to domestic consumption.
4845	Longtime headliner Microsoft has dropped out of CES, and mobile devices are increasingly saving their big announcements for the Mobile World Congress event in February.
4846	Look at that fucking hoopster!
4847	Looking at me."
4848	Looking at payday, movie budgets and expenses, Forbes calculated a return on investment number for each star and then averaged those numbers to get an overall return.
4849	Looks like we're halfway there already.
4850	Lopez said the hotel could accommodate 100 guests and had 45 registered at the time of the fire.
4851	Lorries should have "beepers" when turning, like they do when reversing.
4852	Los Angeles largely failed to defend the perimeter, but Martin and Love also hit shots in tight coverage while making 12 of their 14 first-quarter shots.
4853	LOS ANGELES — Sales of bank-owned homes have plunged to a five-year low, the latest evidence that the nation’s foreclosure woes are easing as the U.S. housing market recovery gains momentum.
4854	Louis Bawa, of Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, said he had spoken to his daughter Jennah, eight, and Kenyan-born wife Zahira on Friday but "didn't get a chance to catch up with them" again.
4855	LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) Louisville coach Rick Pitino is heading to New Orleans to watch the Cardinals' women's team play Connecticut in Tuesday night's NCAA championship - but he can't bring his players along.
4856	Love’s son worked in Flaherty’s office, and Flaherty’s wife sits on the board of the trust company run by Love.
4857	Lowdown: Week 9’s matchup of No. 1 Bellarmine (6-1) and No. 2 Gig Harbor (6-1) is looking more and more like the teams will be playing for the league title.
4858	Lt. General Ehejerika said he was in Maiduguri to see how well the newly established 7th Division of Nigerian Army is settling down.
4859	Lt. Paul Burch talked with Local 15's Christian Jennings.
4860	Luanda — The National Defence minister, Cândido Van-Dúnem, said Monday in Luanda that Angola and Africa in general can count on the experience of Brazil in the domains of defence, democratic development and fight against poverty.
4861	Lucero knows that the new “R” has a lot to live up to, since Western Neon was also responsible for restoring the older version, now on display at the Museum of History and Industry.
4862	Lucie Veith says she's not just concerned with when to perform surgery, but also whether it is necessary at all: "You can be happy as an intersex person too," she says.
4863	Luckily 6-year-old Lucy is ok, but Dexter can't come home yet until he's had a series of shots and the vet says its safe.
4864	Luckily for NBC’s national correspondent, Tamron Hall, one of her fans recently crafted a new tune for her d..
4865	Lucky for the kids he wasn't driving a full sized car.
4866	Lucrative bets on real estate and rail have kept him in the black in 2013 with the fund up 10 percent in mid-December.
4867	Luisa Dean, who works at Hazelton Lanes, was walking with a co-worker when she saw the snowplow the coming.
4868	Luis Suarez celebrates the goal of teammate Raheem Sterling during the Barclays Premier League match between Liverpool and Norwich City at Anfield on December 4, 2013 in Liverpool, England.
4869	Lukas Kandolo, spokesperson for the group, said they are uncertain where their next meal would come from and turning to the dump was their "only means of survival".
4870	Lumber prices have edged off in recent weeks given big gains earlier.
4871	Lung cancer is the most lethal cancer in the U.S., causing 158,081 deaths in 2009, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta.
4872	Lupoi has denied the allegations, and he is scheduled to help coach the Huskies in the bowl game.
4873	Lupron, the drug used to shut down the ovaries before they're revved up again with other drugs, has been reported to cause everything from hair loss to amnesia and bone pain and is not even approved for this use.
4874	"Lyari used to be the political heart of Karachi.
4875	Lynch has 871 yards in 10 games, averaging 4.6 yards a carry.
4876	Mac Ewen also says her independent son who lived on his own will not likely "regain and return to the person he was," according to experts.
4877	MacEwen's say they will refund the cost of removing the diesel fuel that mistakenly made its way into gasoline powered vehicles.
4878	Maddox is survived by his father, mother and stepfather.
4879	Made to order in an open station near the front of the house, it’s chunky and tangy, and delivers a surprising degree of heat.
4880	Maduro said Washington has also denied visas to high level members of its UN delegation.
4881	Maestro Solzhenitsyn has partnered with world-renowned soloists, including Gary Graffman, Leila Josefowicz, Garrick Ohlsson, and Mstislav Rostropovich.
4882	Mahan didn’t think he was playing well enough at the time and if then-captain Davis Love III had only three picks instead of four, Mahan would have made the team.
4883	Mainaga says the cause of the fire has not been determined.
4884	Maine families will also be able to get services and resources through the Maine Autism Institute for Education and Research, which will open Jan.
4885	Maine government officials are not expecting a repeat of last summer's protests and blockades by lobster fishermen in New Brunswick.
4886	Major local carriers are expected to launch additional flights before the Lunar New Year holiday to meet market demand.
4887	Major said her mother drank continuously when she was pregnant with her brother.
4888	Malaga president Abdullah Bin Nasser Al Thani launched an astonishing Twitter tirade, claiming his team's spectacular elimination from the Champions League by Borussia Dortmund was down to "racism".
4889	Malaga's goalkeeper Willy Caballero, seen during their Spanish La Liga match against Real Madrid, at …
4890	Malcom Garcia on how in Syria "Islamist militants are exploiting the uncertainty."
4891	Maliki, a Shi'ite Muslim, has been widely criticized in Iraq and in Washington for failing to give Iraq's Sunnis, Kurds and other minorities a greater role in the country's central government.
4892	MalikL: I think it is kinda ironic, the HBO series "Girls"
4893	Mallory took over the Ensemble Theater in Over-the-Rhine, outlining his last eight years in office.
4894	Mamas, don't let your babies grow up to be football players?
4895	Managing Director of the Mavis Bank Coffee Factory, Senator Norman Grant, has said that his company will be implementing several measures aimed at fighting the disease.
4896	Manbre Cafe is a cozy winter escape with great drinks, free Wi-Fi and a generous brunch for those who want something more substantial.
4897	Mandela's decision to wear the Springbok emblem, the symbol once hated by blacks, conveyed the message that rugby, so long shunned by the black population, was now for all South Africans.
4898	Mandela's widow Graca Machel, his former wife Winnie Madikizela-Mandela and other family members also viewed his body.
4899	Mandurah MLA David Templeman – a former schoolteacher – said overcrowding did not just put pressure on parking and staffing.
4900	Manila split a pair of conference games last week with Rivercrest, defeating the Colts 10-3 Monday afternoon on the road before dropping a 15-9 decision Tuesday afternoon at home.
4901	Man I never thought that I as a Baby Boomer, would be the bad guy.
4902	Manning made it clear on Tuesday, though, that he was far more focused on the Ravens' defense than the likelihood of cold weather.
4903	Manning was prevented from seeing his team doctors or rehabbing at the Indianapolis Colts' facilities during the lockout that offseason.
4904	Man Recovering After Being Shot For …
4905	Mansour was appointed to the SCC in 1992.
4906	Manuel walked in circles as he talked.
4907	Many businesses will end up simply reducing the amount of mail they send, McNeish said.
4908	Many dangers lie ahead.
4909	Many grow up or even die in institutional care, it said, while others end up on the streets or trafficked into the sex trade.
4910	MANY HAPPY RETURNS: Coming into Sunday's game, Jones returned just two punts for a mere 3 yards.
4911	Many members expressed interest in the Russia proposal, along with a dose of skepticism.
4912	Many of the activists have been arrested.
4913	Many of the campaigns to stop texting and driving have been aimed at teens, but a new survey from AT&T shows adults are more likely to be driving distracted.
4914	Many of the dead are children.
4915	Many of the players who supported Braun eventually came to know it.
4916	Many of these had organized themselves into self-defense militias called 'anti-balaka' which have been hunting down and killing Muslims, aided in some cases by gunmen loyal to former President Francois Bozize, who was ousted by the Seleka rebels.
4917	Many of the victims were men from the Guere ethnic group, which largely supported Gbagbo in the disputed vote.
4918	Many of you must think, 'Once again.'
4919	Many people are choosing to phase-in or defer their retirement these days, continuing to work full or part time beyond their original planned retirement age.
4920	"Many people have assumed that if you increase the minimum wage by X percent, the meal costs will increase by the same percent, and that's simply not true," she said.
4921	Many people stopped and signed.
4922	Many people suffer catastrophic injuries from such collisions, leaving them permanently disabled and struggling financially.
4923	Many Republican-governed states opt out.
4924	Many small businesses believe they can compete and succeed based solely on quality.
4925	Many small European towns, such as Hasselt in Belgium and Colomiers in France, have tried it, as well as some Chinese cities.
4926	Many suggested reducing the number of standardized tests that the state requires students to take.
4927	Many traditional "cookie" recipes call for too much butter, and I often will reduce that to a minimum, which can be done without altering a some recipes, not all, too much.
4928	Marc-Andre Fleury made 28 saves, and Crosby earned his NHL-leading 36th and 37th assists for the Penguins, who were without reigning MVP Evgeni Malkin (shoulder) for a sixth game.
4929	Marcella Elizabeth Pohlman Schroeder, 91, of Jerseville died at 8 a.m Thursday, June 20, 2013 at the Jerseyville Manor Nursing Home.
4930	March 2, 2011 - On his 80th birthday, Gorbachev is awarded Russia's highest honor, the Order of St. Andrew, by President Dmitry Medvedev.
4931	March 7, 1965 - Helps organize a voting rights march from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama, and is among 600 demonstrators attacked by police.
4932	“March had a real good skip in his step tonight,” said Bergeron.
4933	Marchionne has form where ailing brands are concerned.
4934	MARIA Pallangyo lives in Leguruki village in Meru District, Arusha Region.
4935	"Maria Sharapova is one of the great warriors of the tennis world,'' USTA Executive Director and COO Gordon Smith said.
4936	Marine Scotland said the clams and worm were discovered at a suspected cold seep, a spot where hydrocarbons are released from the seabed, near Rockall, a rocky, volcanic outcropping about 260 miles west of the Western Isles, the BBC reported.
4937	Marion Bartoli, who retired from tennis not long after winning at Wimbledon, for the first time left the door open, perhaps ever so slightly, for a return.
4938	Marion, Illinois schools are also facing a similar budget crunch.
4939	Mark Brim immediately raced to his wife's school after the storm; when he saw the carnage, he feared the worst.
4940	Mark Carney has warned that the Bank of England is "acutely aware" of the risk of another house price bubble and could intervene to cool.
4941	Mark Cousins of the Peter Sellers Appreciation Society in Britain said the films were “missing pieces of a jigsaw puzzle.”
4942	Mark Ellinger's photos are vivid with color, but also have a touch of sadness influenced by years in turmoil.
4943	Markieff Morris led the Phoenix comeback with 25 points.
4944	Mark Jackson makes his teammates look good, which is why the Indiana Pacers regretted trading him in 1996.
4945	Mark Johnson, manager of the District 13 Challenger team, furthered the expansion and was one of the founders of the Tri-Cities Challenger league in 2009.
4946	Mark Mattioli, whose 6-year-old son James was killed at Sandy Hook, said there are more than enough gun laws on the books, but they are not being properly enforced.
4947	Marlin made the motion to approve 4feet from the concrete slab, provide there are no locates there.
4948	Marois says yesterday, she urged the spokesman for the alliance of unions to make one last-ditch effort at coming to a settlement.
4949	Marquis pitched three-hit ball over 7 2-3 innings and Amarista tied a career high with four RBIs, helping hand the Dodgers their third straight loss.
4950	Martin agrees with some of the criticism.
4951	Martin-Artajo was the supervisor of Bruno Iksil, another ex-JPMorgan trader nicknamed the "London Whale" for his large bets on derivatives markets.
4952	Martin Jol doesn't know his best team yet and, like a lot of clubs just after the transfer window, Fulham are still finding their way.
4953	Martin told CNN's Anderson Cooper that the re-election campaign made a significant investment in finding out whether the move would pay dividends at the polls.
4954	Masked men in camouflage toting Kalashnikov rifles fan out through a dusty olive grove, part of a group of Hezbollah-backed fighters from Lebanon who are patrolling both sides of a porous border stretch with Syria.
4955	Mason County officials, however, said no to that plan.
4956	Masood said he was pleased with his performance.
4957	Mastracchio, a seven-time spacewalker, and Hopkins, making his first, wore extra safety gear as they worked outside.
4958	Matinee performances are on Sunday, March 24 & April 7 at 3:00 p.m. and Saturday, April 6 at 3:00 p.m. Buy One, Get One Free Night is Thursday, April 4 at 7:30 p.m. Parental guidance suggested (adult content, language).
4959	Matongela said the beneficiaries listed overcrowding, broken water installations and a lack of farming implements and start-up capital as their main problems.
4960	"Matters concerning the electorates should be answered by cabinet secre-taries and not parliamentary committee members," Toboso said.
4961	Matthew McConaughey, as Woodroof in the based-on-a-true-story "Dallas Buyers Club," out this Friday, is magnificently cringe-worthy as this very scene plays out in the film.
4962	“Maurice Jones-Drew viciously attacked and severely injured Conch House’s security officer, Kasim Howard, 31, of St. Augustine.
4963	"Max Baucus needs to choose whether he stands with the overwhelming majority of Montanans who support background checks or the gun manufacturers that profit by selling guns to criminals."
4964	Max Pacioretty doubled the Canadiens' lead mid-way through the final period.
4965	Max Silvestri is one third of NYC comedy staple Big Terrific, (the other two-thirds being Gabe Liedman and Jenny Slate).
4966	"Maybe it was Johan who did that?
4967	Maybe they will offer me a job.
4968	Maybe you have to see it for yourself.
4969	Maybe you'll be lucky enough to be part of that first July shipment, however small it might be.
4970	… Mayhew, on signing Youtube sensation, Havard “Kickalicious” Rugland, to compete in training camp: “We know he can kick the ball in the garbage cans, kick it on the boat and stuff.
4971	May leave some uncovered.
4972	Mayor Ford, touting his record of economic belt-tightening, earlier expressed disbelief that the city can't find and trim $18 million from its $12 billion budget in order to keep the property tax hike at 1.75 per cent.
4973	Mayor Rahm Emanuel is counting on $120 million in fines from red-light and speed cameras — and $10 million more from higher parking fines and impounded vehicle storage fees — to balance his $6.97 billion 2014 budget, aldermen were told Tuesday.
4974	Mayor Steve Williams even proclaimed it was Andrew Wiggins Day in the city on March 28 when he was acknowledged as an All-American.
4975	Mayor Vince Gray spoke but Gray might get indicted.
4976	May: 'PCCs made some mistakes'
4977	Mayr says social media have made it necessary to let business travelers have a say in where they stay.
4978	Mbabaali purportes they traversed the constituency and intimidated voters into voting for Ssekandi.
4979	McCain: Border patrol's housing costs 'disgraceful'
4980	McCain says he also wants answers about policies on torture and the Arizona senator says he deserves answers.
4981	McCarthy was hospitalized and underwent surgery after sustaining an epidural hemorrhage, brain contusion and skull fracture.
4982	McCaskill said the Pentagon already has moved unilaterally, reflected in the recent word from the Defense Department that reports of sexual assaults in the military increased by an unprecedented 46 percent during the last budget year.
4983	McCoy said he looks forward to "catching the ball and running the ball" in Kelly's offense; he said he can't tell yet whether it will be weighted one way or another.
4984	McDerment is both a fan and one of Clarity's 7,000 members.
4985	McGinn is the first mayor of Seattle that I have despised from Day One.
4986	McGinn recommended the city not sell the blighted alley unless Whole Foods first substantially raises its pay scale at the store.
4987	McGuire's uncle, Timothy McGuire, center, who said he was raised as her brother, said he wants the school to admit there is a bullying problem and deal with the issue.
4988	McGuire wants the city to rezone the land to neighborhood commercial, a designation most homeowners oppose because it could bring traffic after typical business hours.
4989	McIntyre has been a judge since 1996 and was retained by voters in November to another six-year term. She currently serves in the McHenry County Juvenile Court system, according to the McHenry County blog.
4990	McKuen's a crooner often dismissed as schlocky, but Freeman finds the earnest heart - and crushing heartbreak - in gentle ballads like "A Man Alone," which could be the record's theme song.
4991	McKynlee Neumeyer got things started with a single past third base and an error left a pair of runners on.
4992	McLaughlin, 26, of Dresden, made an initial appearance Friday in Augusta District Court via video from the jail.
4993	McNamara argued for the court that the freedom of speech should protect guides’ right to communicate for a living.
4994	MCSO said Simpson became infatuated with Arias and was angered by the way the female anchors covered the trial.
4995	MDC-T spokesperson Douglas Mwonzora said yesterday his party would hold primaries from April 20, although the exercise will not be done in a day.
4996	@me1Don't matter a hell of a lot if he can't win the BIG games.
4997	Meadows said that every human being has a particular set of micro-bacteria on their skin that is determined by their particular environment.
4998	“Me and him both know it’s a business.
4999	"Meaningful business always has, and always will, come from meaningful relationships.
5000	Meanwhile as the dust settles in Moscow Usain Bolt basks in the glory of having confirmed he was the most successful athlete in the history of the World Championships.
5001	Meanwhile cancer patients elsewhere in the valley are getting free lifts to the doctors.
5002	Meanwhile, during the live draw on Tuesday at the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation (SLBC) television and other major radio stations across the country, over 10 lucky subscribers won themselves units, phones, generator, refrigerator and cash prizes.
5003	Meanwhile, federal programs used Twitter to announce that they would no longer be responding to tweets or other social media posts until the shutdown ends.
5004	Meanwhile, Kuo said that with the installation of many deep-well observatories, the center is now better equipped to identify the location of blind thrust fault lines.
5005	Meanwhile Obama's family are suffering in Kibera slum.
5006	Meanwhile, social and economic changes have chipped away at traditional family values.
5007	Meanwhile, something funny happened the day before the election: The election commission announced the winner.
5008	Meanwhile surveyor Matthew Tarr termed the action as unjust, saying his right was violated in keeping with law.
5009	Meanwhile, the American Center for Law and Justice, a conservative legal organization, brought the lawsuit on behalf of the groups in U.S. District Court in Washington.
5010	Meanwhile, the ministers of defense of South Korea, Japan and the US are to hold their first trilateral meeting for four years at the end of this month, with North Korea likely to top the agenda.
5011	Meanwhile, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Tuesday argued the U.S. case to Russian President Vladimir Putin for Moscow to take a tougher stance on Syria.
5012	Meanwhile Vince Young can't understand why a team that cut him recently won't resign him.
5013	Measuring 6,724 yards, par 72 Leopard Rock is located in lush subtropical surroundings about 180 miles southeast of the Zimbabwean capital Harare and has superb bent grass USGA-standard greens.
5014	Meatco senior corporate communication officer, Ebben Kalondo said unfortunately Meatco cannot speak on behalf of the retailers that sell the meat products to the consumer.
5015	Media reports say German utility company RWE is planning to cut a considerable number of jobs in its power plant division in Germany.
5016	"Medical students see it as a vibrant, evolving, critical area of health care," she said.
5017	Medics performed CPR on the man, who was estimated to be about 40 years old.
5018	Meet John Doe would be one.
5019	Meg (Leighton Meester, left), Emma (Katie Cassidy) and Grace (Gomez) in a scene from the 2011 movie 'Monte Carlo.'
5020	Meloyde Purdy interviewed the film makers as they arrived on the red carpet, including Joseph Hitchcock and actor Jason Alderman.
5021	Members of a Greek terrorist group called the Revolutionary Struggle fire a rocket-propelled grenade at the U.S. Embassy.
5022	Members of a Maine high school girls' basketball team have been disciplined after a picture surfaced online of team members giving a Nazi salute.
5023	Members of the Good Food Merchants Guild will also be on hand serving up tastes of their lovingly crafted products ranging from chocolates to charcuterie and pickles to preserves.
5024	Members of the movement are famed for assisting in the organisation of million men marches in the United States.
5025	Members of the ruling party stood, bowed and prayed around his black, flag-draped casket.
5026	Menendez suggested the government's port security was endangered by its reluctance to deal with the unidentified company.
5027	Merry Xmas till next year!
5028	Meryl Streep is the most-nominated performer in Academy history with 17 nominations.
5029	Met on the set of "Scream"
5030	Metro is also recommending that the four stations closest to the U.S. Capitol—Judiciary Union Station, Capitol South and Federal Center SW—be used only by riders with tickets to the swearing-in that morning.
5031	Metropol Parasol designed by Jurgen Mayer H., Photo courtesy Paul Allen With chilly February extending into an equally frigid March, I think longingly of our recent trip to one of my favourite citie.
5032	Metta World Peace had an unusual explanation for his ability to return to the court just 12 days after knee surgery.
5033	Mgr Cushley rejected the suggestion that an apostolic visitation - investigators sent from Rome by the Pope - was necessary to restore the confidence of Roman Catholics in Scotland in the wake of the scandal.
5034	MIAMI (AP) — Dan Lopez rarely gets sick and hasn’t been to a doctor in 10 years, so buying health insurance feels like a waste of money.
5035	Miami Dolphins (5-6)The Dolphins probably have the best defense that no one talks about.
5036	Miami Dolphins general manager Jeff Ireland, left, stands with head trainer Kevin O'Neill, right, du …
5037	Michael Auslin, director of Japan Studies at the American Enterprise Institute, says further negotiations will never end the North's threats and nuclearization.
5038	Michael Fee, defense attorney for former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez, speaks to t …
5039	Michael Jackson ONE is a sonic, tonic fusion of acrobatics, dance and visuals that takes the audience on an immersive journey through the music and spirit of Michael Jackson.
5040	Michael Sinensky, a New York restaurateur who lives on the peninsula and co-founded the group, said he and its other volunteers were too busy trying to help their neighbors to put together an IRS filing.
5041	Michelle Nunn, CEO of a volunteer service organization and daughter of former senator Sam Nunn, is considering a Senate bid.
5042	Michigan State doesn't want to hear a word about its awesomeness.
5043	"Mick Dumps Everyone For Bette!
5044	Microsoft and its partners are beginning to show and tell more about the features that 7- and 8-inch Windows 8.1 "Blue" devices will offer.
5045	Microsoft with its already entrenched enterprise presence is a likely winner, with Apple and Google hot on its heels—but only if they can convince corporations that they are sufficiently capable.
5046	Midway through the set she performed a pair of new songs, tentatively titled "The Fool’s Complaint” and “I Never Wear White.”
5047	MI in Your Value Your Change Short position SpA, Statoil AS STL.
5048	Mike Accavitti, Honda's chief marketing officer, said the company will begin building the Fit next year at a new plant in Celaya, Mexico, where it also is building a plant to make 350,000 CVTs per year, beginning in 2015.
5049	Mike Garey of Feathered Angels Waterfowl Sanctuary puts a new prosthetic foot on Buttercup the duck for first time.
5050	Mike said the Commission has written to the Media Information and Broadcasting Services Minister Jonathan Moyo requesting a meeting.
5051	Mike Trout is picked first, of course..
5052	Mikhail Fedotov, chairman of the Presidential Rights Council, confirmed that the Pussy Riot members, Greenpeace activists and some of the Bolotnaya defendants could fall under the amnesty, the ITAR-Tass reported.
5053	MILAN (AP) — Etro shimmers for next summer, with metal accents embroidered into fabric and trimming fringe collars.
5054	Milford Jerome, who performs "So Right", nails everything we love about the madly inconsistent, Twitter-friendly star: "To score you need to shoot/to score more you need to shoot more."
5055	Milk, cheese, and drinks such as Guinness, Baileys, and whiskey are also strong performers, while Ireland also produces a tenth of all the baby formula consumed in the world.
5056	Miller, in his second full season as a reliever for the Red Sox, had a 2.64 ERA while striking out 48 in 302/3 innings.
5057	Miller took the blame for the defeat.
5058	Millions more people across the eurozone face becoming unemployed in 2013, the European Commission said on Friday, with already record unemployment likely to rise markedly throughout 2014.
5059	Mill Woods resident Charmayne Khan gets her mail Wednesday morning.
5060	Mining companies are turning away from growth and re-focusing on costs and returns.
5061	Minnaar said the charge was a monetary guarantee for protection against potential damage.
5062	Minnesota and Milwaukee are tied for second at 380.2.
5063	Minnesota's current policy dates to 2003, when former Republican Gov. Tim Pawlenty made an administrative rule change barring the state Driver and Vehicle Services Division from issuing licenses to someone in the country illegally.
5064	Minnesota's yards-per-rushing-attempt average in 2012, best in the NFL.
5065	Minus-40 temperatures have many people keeping to indoor activities but one pyrotechnician believes Yellowknifers will make an exception tonight.
5066	Miriam Conrad, public defender for Massachusetts, said he should have a lawyer appointed as soon as possible because there are "serious issues regarding possible interrogation.”
5067	Miron: There are studies that show the level of violence is reduced when the state leaves the drug trade alone, the reason being that the drug dealers have fewer disputes.
5068	MISA also calls upon media houses to appraise journalists covering elections on safety and security to reduce the significance of threats or attacks against journalists and media workers.
5069	Miseducation happens when the teacher thinks of himself as the agent of education, as if the student needs him.
5070	"Miserable day for ski racing," Ligety wrote on Twitter, where he posted a photo of the spectators sheltering under umbrellas.
5071	Mix-A-Lot may like them round and big, but not when said round and big thing is a zero on the scoreboard.
5072	MLB knew MIT kids did it but still allowed the vote to stand!
5073	MLB Network and Showtime host Brian Kenny has added a radio gig to his portfolio: The Brian Kenny Show will air weekdays from 9 a.m.-noon ET on NBC Sports Radio.
5074	MOBILE, Ala. (WPMI) If the Port City finds itself in the path of a storm, local emergency managers set off a contingency plan.
5075	Mobile division profit was still up 52 percent from a year ago but even that fell short of expectations, as slower sales of old models like the S3 and the marketing bill for the S4 took their toll.
5076	Mohammed claimed that there was but one God, Allah; Christ claimed that He Himself was God (John 10:30-31; John 8:58-59; John 5:18; John 14:9).
5077	Mohave County Sheriff's officials say 35-year-old Jose Isabel Licea-Mendoza is being held on suspicion of first-degree murder.
5078	Molly is the daughter of Jay and Jann Hoke of Branchland, and a 2012 graduate of Lincoln County High School.
5079	Mom Denise Morris had a party planned, with cake ready.
5080	Moments later, she looked out the window and saw the train headed straight for the bus.
5081	Moms now earn more than dads in almost a quarter of all U.S. families, the highest level in history.
5082	Monday, at 9:27 p.m., Casey A. Clark, 22, of Burrill Street, Fairfield, was arrested on a charge of domestic violence assault, on Burrill Street.
5083	Money has been declared evil and dangerous!
5084	"Monitoring the skills available in the country, you (Government) will know the people who apply for work permits and what skilled personnel to recruit from outside," he said.
5085	MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — A woman and two of her sons were improving Sunday after being seriously injured when a flight information billboard fell on them at an airport.
5086	Montoya just missed a win at Richmond and ran out of gas at Sonoma.
5087	Moore subbed for Werth in right for all three games of the series.
5088	Moose bones were also seen in the same area.
5089	More advanced cases are referred to either Kabwe District Hospital or the University Teaching Hospital in Lusaka, but those sites are still unreachable for most women across the country.
5090	More and more are waking up, what about you?
5091	More bad news for the AFC?
5092	More big brother and a waste of money.
5093	More broadly, Sinnett’s remarks painted a very different picture of the seriousness of the two 787 battery incidents in which a battery overheated and emitted fumes — than described by NTSB chair Deborah Hersman.
5094	More clues could come from a short cellphone video that DiIorgi of Valley Cottage shot on the boat shortly before and after the crash.
5095	More forgiving in nature, and normally don't believe that it helps anything, other than maybe surviving victims find peace.
5096	More importantly, that also means certain cancer drugs will work for, say, lung cancer in one person but not the next.
5097	More often seen filled with the red flags and T-shirts of Chavez's loyal supporters, the capital's historic Bolivar Avenue was packed with opposition supporters decked out in the blue, yellow and red of Capriles' campaign.
5098	Moreover, Africans are in positions of real influence: the Prosecutor is Fatou Bensouda from the Gambia, the Court's First Vice President is Judge Sanji Mmasenono Monageng from Botswana and the Deputy Registrar is Didier Preira, a Senegalese.
5099	Moreover, almost 25 percent of non-elderly women in Texas are uninsured.
5100	Moreover, the exchange handled 10 IPOs last week without a hitch — and has six, including Twitter, slated this week, he said.
5101	More people now regard sugar as a poison.
5102	More recently, a couple friends in New York did a short that had kind of an interesting concept.
5103	More recently, McLaughlin was presented with two Lifetime Achievement Awards for his thirty years of contributions to the fashion industry.
5104	More recently, that block was infamous for the five buildings that had been ravaged by fire, drugs and squatters while rent-paying tenants lived in sooty apartments with mold the size of mice and rats the size of cats.
5105	MORE: Saniya Chong is on a roll for Ossining (N.
5106	More than 100 veterans passed the barriers at the World War II with help from several federal lawmakers.
5107	More than 17,000 people are trafficked into America every year, and 80 percent of them are women and little girls.
5108	More than 18,000 couples were wed in the meantime.
5109	More than 1 million single adults between the ages of 18 and 35 will be able to purchase the lowest cost bronze plan on the new insurance exchanges for under $50, the report from the Health and Human Services agency says.
5110	More than 4,000 Americans were killed and many more came home with visible and invisible wounds that will alter their lives forever.
5111	More than 5.1 million California residents plan to travel 50 miles or more for the extended four-day Thanksgiving holiday weekend, a 4 percent decrease from last year, according to the AAA survey.
5112	More than just collecting attendance data, the Mid-Market Edition (MME) uses powerful workflow tools that can handle practically any business scenario.
5113	More than one million people took to the streets during last month's Confederations Cup - the warm-up for the World Cup - angry at Brazil's poor public services, contrasted with almost $14 billion spent on the World Cup.
5114	More than three weeks after Typhoon Haiyan slammed into the Philippines, rubble still blankets much of the hard-hit city of Tacloban and decomposing bodies remain trapped underneath the debris.
5115	More vaguely, they can claim that they fear for their safety or they might be subjected to unwanted harassment.
5116	Morgan Dube, Thornton Academy, senior, forward: A shortstop in softball -- her first-love sport -- she used her quick hands from left wing to score 16 goals in an all-state junior season.
5117	Morocco coach Rachid Taoussi says his team will be hoping to settle an old score against hosts South Africa when the two meet in their decisive Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) encounter in Durban on Sunday.
5118	Morocco intends to pursue its multifaceted action, in close cooperation with ECOWAS and the United Nations.
5119	Morris and Grace Richards, who were in their 70s, were found hanging from their staircase at their home on Glenwood Close off deCarteret Road shortly before 10 a.m.
5120	Morrisey says that solicitation for charitable giving will start to increase both for the holidays as well as potential major weather events as the winter begins.
5121	Mortgages, auto loans, and credit card rates are all tied to various bond rates.
5122	Moscow (AFP) - Russia's Soviet-era flag carrier Aeroflot unveiled its own budget airline Thursday that will have no reclining seats or business class while promising fares nearly half those charged by the competition.
5123	Most businesses see customer service as an expense.
5124	Most – but not all – of the black troops subjected themselves to this degrading procedure.
5125	"Most buyers are small business owners, and they are very price-sensitive."
5126	Most girls got brief solos.
5127	Most importantly, he sells his entire stock by the end of the day.
5128	Most of Israel's services - particularly from the public sector - are far from innovative.
5129	Most of the burglaries are to get money for more drugs!
5130	Most of the cops are not well-trained and their pay is not any better than that of the ordinary police officers.
5131	Most of the deals needed for the service have already been closed, according to Billboard, with the All Access arrangements Google struck with music companies earlier this year covering this potential YouTube music service as well.
5132	"Most of the literature here appears to focus on the life and thoughts of Kim Jong Il," Watson says.
5133	Most of them are retweets from Villaraigosa about this past election season.
5134	Most of the other topical treatments suggested for growing a plump bosom are simpler.
5135	Most of the science he learned as a boy came from the books he borrowed from the public library in Brixton, where his parents ran a small business.
5136	Most of these jobs will be in the immediate vicinity of the mine and will be given to Romanians.
5137	Most of the time, she's an informed and enthusiastic audience member who loves music, performance, poetry, and dance.
5138	Most of the time, they never do.
5139	Most of the Utahns surveyed, 41 percent, said Obama and both parties in Congress were equally to blame.
5140	Most of this reduction in stocks is expected to take place outside of China.
5141	Most people dont remember that the Cal States and the UCs in Califirnia were tuition free to California residents until Reagan and the Republicans changed to a for pay system.
5142	Most people get coverage through jobs and aren't affected.
5143	Most people have heard of Rwanda, thanks to the international attention drawn to it by President Clinton and the film Hotel Rwanda.
5144	Most people who don’t qualify for subsidies will not be able to pay the price of this so-called Affordable Care.
5145	Most recently, she had roles in 2001's Jeepers Creepers and 2005's Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous as William Shatner's mother, even though she was a year younger than him.
5146	Most residents of Mt Pleasant have home access to the Internet, with the main means of transport being taxis and private cars.
5147	Most scouts seem to think he has the flair and ability to score at a 20-goal full-season pace as a rookie.
5148	Most senators — 54 — approved the measure, which polls indicated was backed by more than 80 percent of Americans.
5149	Most, whether they reside in their native country or Dadaab, are peaceful people who just want a chance to thrive.
5150	MOTHER is a complicated and completely original take on sex, queer politics, drugs, guns, identity and madness, proving that boundaries uncrossed are meaningless.
5151	Mothers who favor breast-feeding over formula can save up to $1,500 a year, according to a report from the Surgeon General.
5152	Move could mean an extended legal fight with North Carolina over the airport.
5153	Moving away from the dark past, they were to address the country's skewed news coverage, where one political party benefits from praise by the national broadcaster as other parties get demonized.
5154	Moving just a few inches down the bench completely altered the 33-year-old coach's view of the game, his team and his players.
5155	Moving on to the dining room there is nothing much to do there.
5156	Moyo visited Bulawayo to deal with infighting that has split the province into two camps linked to expelled former provincial chairperson, Isaac Dakamela, and the current chairperson, Killian Sibanda.
5157	Mozaffarian said he plans to submit the study for publication later this year, and stressed that politics has nothing to do with it.
5158	MPD: "We have a search warrant."
5159	MprovMasters meetings are held every 1st and 3rd Saturday from 10:00am - 12:00pm at IT Training & Solutions, Inc., located at 114 North Elm Street, Suite 210 in Downtown Greensboro.
5160	Mr Adebolajo, who was also shot and arrested at the scene, was charged after spending nine days in hospital and being taken into custody at a south London police station.
5161	MR: Are there other songs on this album that connect with you from your youth?
5162	Mr. Asiamah Sampong, told the court that further investigations led to the current arrest of the first accused person at Aplaku junction, Weija, when he attempted to take delivery of the cargo.
5163	Mr Berlusconi conceded the lower house vote but control of both houses is needed to govern.
5164	Mr. Breuer, who announced the action after rejecting a last-minute plea from the bank’s chairman, also filed criminal charges against two former employees at the bank.
5165	Mr Cameron did find time to pay tribute to the late Margaret Thatcher - whose biggest lesson for him was: "You've got to fight tooth and nail to explain why what you're doing is right."
5166	Mr. Carlin once said "It only hurts when I think".
5167	"Mr Chairman, I would also like to reassure our Wuli brothers and sisters of our commitment to the implementation of this MoU," he said.
5168	Mr Chato said this in an interview in Kitwe shortly after he launched the mobile hospital at Kamfinsa State Prisons.
5169	Mr. Davidoff continues: “The reason a spinoff is a preferred way to get rid of businesses a company no longer wants is that shareholders have no choice in the matter.
5170	Mr Fotis praised her amazing work and her achievements and outcomes, despite struggling with depression.
5171	Mr. Franklin was part of a consortium that bid on the company but says his group was shut out of the auction in favor of a lower bid by Mr. Hindery.
5172	Mr Hathway said the Finnish education system did not test children.
5173	Mr Hobby welcomed the greater recognition of pupil progress, but warned that the changes to measuring schools were built on "foundations of sand".
5174	Mr Jeke, thank you for speaking with SW Radio Africa - what has been happening in Diepsloot?
5175	Mr Kijazi blamed anti-conservation statements given by some politicians in favour of herders.
5176	Mr. Liu declined to comment on the failed sale.
5177	Mr Machali asked.
5178	Mr. McCann earned 8.55 million francs last year, down from 9.18 million francs in 2011.
5179	Mr Mphaketeni said he was confident of winning the parliamentary seat, adding that he was popular and pledged to deliver in various sectors of the economy.
5180	Mr. Sallah used the occasion to thank President Jammeh and the government for attaching great importance to the health and well-being of its populace.
5181	Mrs. Middleton was preceded in death by sons, Aubrey Butch Cowart, Rodney Cowart, and Nathan Cowart; daughter, Susie Pursley; and sister, Ruth Payne.
5182	Mr. Snowden, I think you're a definite hero.
5183	Mr Tappenden added: “This man was locked up for 27 years and 17 of them he was kept in solitary confinement.
5184	Ms. Assad is the daughter of a top British cardiologist and a former Syrian diplomat who was born and raised in the middle-class suburb of Acton, west London.
5185	Ms. Cockrum proceeded to write to the PPCC for single source and no objection.
5186	Ms. O’Brien’s supporters say the show never received the internal support and the external marketing it was promised; they imply that the show wasn’t given a chance to succeed.
5187	Ms O’Grady said the North Swan Landcare Group – another group that drives the Chittering Landcare Centre – received $36,000 which would go towards weed management in the Bulls Brook.
5188	“Mubarak in top form” read the headline of the state-owned Al-Akhbar.
5189	Mubarak is serving a life sentence for the deaths of protesters during the uprising.
5190	Muchadya izvozvo (You will reap what you sow)," said Mr Tsvangirai who was addressing delegates at his party's policy conference last month.
5191	Much as recruiting the right people looks simple, once you get it wrong in the beginning, it is not easy to reverse.
5192	Much of the cost will be offset by insurance and federal disaster assistance.
5193	Mullenax has run the race 16 times, and will once again lace up his running shoes to take on the summit on Saturday.
5194	Multilateral development banks and the credit lines they provide are important conduits of investment, growth and development.
5195	Multi-million-mile record-holder Irv Gordon drives his Volvo P1800 in Babylon, N.Y., in July 2012.
5196	Municipal lawyer John Mascarin agreed that neither the mayor nor his brother have to declare a conflict of interest, as outlined in the Municipal Conflict of Interest Act, because they do not appear to have a financial interest in the matter.
5197	Murray was 3-of-3 passing when the Bulldogs got the ball again and Quayvon Hicks finished the 97-yard drive with a 1-yard power rush for Georgia's first lead, 21-14.
5198	Murray was well and truly on the front foot now and he grabbed control of the match in a dramatic third game of the decider, watching as Tsonga saved six break points with some fine serving before he finally cracked and sent a backhand wide.
5199	Muschamp said it "seems like it's been forever.'
5200	Mushroom substrate is basically a collection of cells that produces the vegetative growth in mushrooms.
5201	Mustain completed 69-of-132 passes for 894 yards and 10 TDs.
5202	Must have been a Virginia driver.
5203	MUZ general secretary Joseph Chewe, however, said that while the ZEMA bureaucracy could put off prospective investors in the quest to render its services expeditiously, the Agency should not compromise on quality.
5204	My biggest lesson is choosing friends carefully, to never forget where you come from, and to know where you are going.
5205	My brother is an architect.
5206	My cat Rosie went outside one sunny afternoon and returned three months later.
5207	"My client hasn't given up hope that such an exchange will still be possible after the court's ruling," defense lawyer Pötschke told the Berlin newspaper Die Welt.
5208	"My coach's wife, she manages it," Bingson said with a sheepish grin.
5209	“My dad would always tell me to be quick,” Snow said.
5210	Myers, who said the team always wanted Iguodala and not Howard, spent more than 16 hours working the phones on July 4 only to come up empty on a trade partner needed to clear salary cap space.
5211	"My expectation is that there will be some popping of the blister after this election, because it will have been such a stark choice," he'd said.
5212	My eyes opened wide in amazement when I beheld the convoy in "Jamaica Land we Love" - an assortment of more than 60 Jamaica Defence Force (JDF) vehicles zooming down Michael Manley Boulevard into Kingston.
5213	"My father is still living and he still has something to say," Franklin Graham said in a phone interview.
5214	My favorite line: “You’re not too bright, are you?
5215	My friends and their family members do NOT sell off IDAHO!
5216	“My friends, whom we are critically dependent on, are having problems,” he said.
5217	"My heart said 'no,' but you've got progress.
5218	My hope and expectation is that in the 11th hour once again that Congress will choose to do the right thing."
5219	My Life as a Mankiewicz by Tom Mankiewicz (Univ.
5220	My mom and my sister have both been in that ER and both were misdiagnosed or not diagnosed at all.
5221	My mother, now in her 80s, has also fallen a number of times in the past couple of years.
5222	“My newspaper job,” Roger Ebert once said, “is my identity.”
5223	My next photo-journey is going to feature naked black female Hitler crucified like Jesus wrapped in the American flag.
5224	My parents grew up in Jim Crow, in American apartheid.
5225	My point is, doing the 5000 returns, without other information on those offices, is not the first thing that concerns me.
5226	My prediction: out of business by mid-June.
5227	My predictions for 2013 and 2014 for Cruz and Nicks: Cruz - lots of yards and TDs.
5228	"My Prince Harry senses are tingling.
5229	My question is who is going to jail over this scandal."
5230	My research over the past decade has shown that our conventional wisdom is wrong.
5231	Myrtle Beach Lions Club members contribute in numerous other ways.
5232	"(My) two were kind of ugly ones, but that's what you need in the playoffs," Zetterberg said.
5233	My wife cornered an octopus that tried to hide by changing color, and occasionally we saw a little reef shark in the distance.
5234	My world is very open and includes all types of people.
5235	“Nah, we ain’t got no gay people on the team.
5236	Namely, to drink more Diet Coke.
5237	Namibia: TIPEEG and Its Promises - Are We Meeting the Target?
5238	Nancy Hammer, spokeswoman for the Society for Human Resource Management, said employers support the spirit and the intent of the law, but "the difficulty comes in the regulatory scheme and how difficult it is to administer in the workplace."
5239	Narla and Executive Vice President Abby Bergren are continuing the fight after administrators did not agree to keeping academic halls open 24 hours a day and eliminating room reservation fees for groups.
5240	NASA and other international space agencies are pressing forward with 3-D printing.
5241	NASA ordered up the spacewalks to revive and repair a critical cooling loop at the International Space Station.
5242	NASA's Curiosity rover will start out in the next few weeks on its way to the mountain, more formally known as Aeolis Mons.
5243	Nashville, by comparison, suddenly finds itself on a roll since a series-opening 3-2 loss to Westport, Conn.
5244	Nate Garner whiffed on several blocks filling in for Incognito at left guard, but no one on the line seemed to get any push downfield.
5245	Nathan Horton's status for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final (CBC, CBCSports.
5246	National Journal first reported the Romneys' reception.
5247	National Security Minister Peter Bunting, who piloted the legislation, characterised those suggestions as a cleverly crafted piece of propaganda.
5248	Nationwide, 80 percent of dropouts end up in prison, reports the Mattie C. Stewart Foundation.
5249	Nationwide rallies are planned for Sunday.
5250	NATO helicopters joined the fight, he added.
5251	Nature giveth and man taketh away.
5252	Nature never intended soil to go naked in the fall.
5253	Naval architects, according to the united command, said damage poses no threat to the stability or integrity of the Kulluk "while anchored in Kiliuda Bay."
5254	Navin Kekane, is business operations director of Stubhub, a major American ticket exchange, and part of the Ebay group of firms.
5255	Navy officials would not confirm whether Salazar was on duty Sunday.
5256	Naw, no way does it happen here..
5257	NBC News' Charlene Gubash reported from Cairo.
5258	NCF will cut media deals, with the players enjoying a revenue-share from the income on par with the NFLPA’s deal with the NFL.
5259	Ndilula said the company, which is owned by seven investors, has already found markets for the products in Asia.
5260	Near Camp Lejeune, N.C., where Marine Staff Sgt. Javier Ortiz-Rivera was based before his 2010 IED-blast death in Afghanistan, his wife, Veronica, speaks softly and somberly about the value of the Bronze Star that the Marine earned posthumously.
5261	Nearly 200 runners laced up their shoes and hit the pavement to support victims of the horrific bombings at the Boston Marathon.
5262	Nearly 40 percent of the deaths this year occurred in conflict zones like Syria, Somalia, Mali or the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh, a resource-rich hotbed of left-wing extremism.
5263	Nearly every elected official in San Diego from both parties urged him to step down, including all nine members of City Council.
5264	Nearly three decades of experience will be gone from the Kanawha County Prosecutor's Office when Don Morris, 55, retires next month.
5265	“Needless to say, it brought down the house.
5266	Needy students who are declined financial aid at public schools are often forced to attend a community college.
5267	Neeson received an Oscar nomination for his leading role in Best Picture winner “Schindler’s List.”
5268	Neighbouring Chad, which has acted as a regional power broker, did not rush in extra forces in support of Bozizé, and even suggested that Bozizé was finished.
5269	Neither has the Church launched any campaign either to effect or prevent a policy change.'
5270	Neither injuries were serious, reports said.
5271	Neither of These Moves Pass "Smell Test"
5272	Nelson said the nurses supported the bill’s concept all along but wanted to make sure it was safe and legal before signing on.
5273	Nervous system disorders, cardiovascular problems, cancer, injuries and mental health disorders were also common causes of both new and existing LTD claims.
5274	Netanyahu’s coalition party, Likud-Beiteinu, will likely get thirty or thirty-one seats in the hundred-and-twenty-seat Knesset.
5275	"Neu Chicago" plays on the right channel and "Starships" on the left.
5276	Neumann, 51, also got the title of head of GM Europe and GM vice president.
5277	Never stabbed anyone over not smoking..
5278	Nevertheless, do not drive yourself crazy over this proposition.
5279	Nevertheless, Rowe says that during standards creation process, Rwanda needs to ensure that its food fortification standards are harmonised with regional standards to avoid trade barriers.
5280	Nevertheless, the biggest payoff in reducing juvenile delinquency is to place an emphasis on early child care and Pre-K education.
5281	Never to drive again!
5282	Newcastle United yesterday confirmed Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa as their seventh French signing in 18 months, and two more could follow today.
5283	New ideas spring up through chance encounters in the cafeteria line and impromptu office meetings.
5284	New Japan PM: China's island dispute moves 'wrong'
5285	New Jersey's special election to fill the unexpired term of Sen. Frank Lautenberg, D-N.
5286	Newly released Toronto police documents paint a troubling portrait of Alexander Lisi, Mayor Rob Ford's close confidant and a man now at the centre of an extortion charge.
5287	Newman drives for Stewart-Haas Racing.
5288	Newman served in one of the Army's first Special Forces units, helping to train a group of Korean partisans.
5289	New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez gets a bird's eye view of the city of Las Vegas from a Red Cross Blackhawk helicopter during a tour to assess the flood damage on Thursday, September 12.
5290	New Orleans 17, Atlanta 13. This is precisely how the season is going for these two teams: Just over two minutes left, Saints up 17-13, Falcons line up for 52-yard field goal, kicker Matt Bryant kicks, whistle blows, it’s good … but wait.
5291	NEW ORLEANS (AP) — A New Orleans police force famed for its crowd control prowess is getting help …
5292	NEW ORLEANS — President Obama told The New Republic in an interview that, if he had a son, he would “have to think long and hard before I let him play football”, citing the dangers of the sport.
5293	New Orleans' pumping stations are manned, the Army Corps of Engineers has closed some flood control structures and the emergency operations center is activated.
5294	New patients can print necessary forms in advance of their first visit and the extensive patient education library offers a vast array of reliable information about dental treatments, symptoms and conditions.
5295	New regulations on lynx and ermine traps will come into place in 2015.
5296	New results from studies of a gamma-ray burst -- an extremely energetic, fast explosion, typically from the distant universe -- suggest gold could be created in the collision of two neutron stars, which are kind of like two giant atomic nuclei.
5297	New rules from the TSA will allow certain types of small knives on airplanes.
5298	News events skew to the negative.
5299	News footage was shocking.
5300	Newsstand holdout Rolling Stone magazine is now on the App Store, with some iTunes music integration to let people buy tracks.
5301	Newtown Kindness will focus its efforts around the Charlotte Bacon Act of Kindness Awards.
5302	New Year's Day events have been taking place as the clean-up continues after Edinburgh's Hogmanay street party.
5303	NEW YORK (AP) — Alex Rodriguez got booed in pregame introductions, booed when his picture was put up on the video board and booed again when came to bat in the first inning.
5304	NEW YORK (AP) — Alex Rodriguez may have to wait a little longer Monday for official word on his suspension.
5305	NEW YORK — Apple shares fell in premarket trading Monday after The Wall Street Journal reported that the company has cut its orders for iPhone 5 components due to weaker-than-expected demand.
5306	NEW YORK (AP) — The investor zeal that flourished in the wake of the partial government shutdown and an extended rally for U.S. markets appear to be coming to a close amid a mixed bag of corporate earnings.
5307	NEW YORK (AP) — The Yankees want Joe Girardi to return as manager next season.
5308	New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, whose personal fortune has helped to fund a group called Mayors Against Illegal Guns, called Wednesday's vote a "damning indictment of the stranglehold that special interests have on Washington."
5309	NEW YORK -- Futures are rising a day after the nominee to head the Federal Reserve signaled that the country’s accommodative economic policy could go on longer than many had expected.
5310	New York is undergoing a “juice bar brawl” as each brand claims its juice is the healthiest.
5311	New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly speaks to attendees for Memorial Day ceremonies at the Intrepid Sea Air & Space Museum in New York City on May 28, 2012.
5312	NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - More young women are being diagnosed with advanced, metastatic breast …
5313	NEW YORK (Reuters) - With its surge on Friday, Google Inc became the latest member, though not likely the last, of a tiny fraternity of companies that boast $1,000 share prices.
5314	NEW YORK — The Dow came within 100 points of its all-time high Wednesday after rising sharply for a second straight day.
5315	NEW YORK — The stock market edged higher Wednesday as investors continued to focus on the likelihood of a U.S.-led attack on Syria.
5316	NEW YORK - The stock market is back.
5317	Next Article Man on the Edge: Tip Your Photographer?
5318	Next he'll add them to the long list of leaders he bows to, & apologizes to.
5319	Next up for Sharapova is Venus Williams.
5320	Next week the contractor plans to take out the rest of the trees scheduled for removal (along Austin Street) and begin roadway excavation along Austin Street.
5321	Next year, his hard work in the classroom could translate to real money — up to $200.
5322	NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman and the International Ice Hockey Federation president, Rene Fasel, met for 21/2 hours after a 90-minute get-together Thursday night.
5323	Nicholas Joy, a 17-year-old skier from Medford, Mass., spent two nights lost near the Sugarloaf ski area before he was found alive in March.
5324	Nickerson would be happy that another person would benefit from her organs, he said.
5325	Nick Markakis drew a one-out walk, Adam Jones singled for his third hit of the day, and Davis lined his two-run double into the gap in left-center field for a 4-2 lead.
5326	Nick's eyebrows were also raised by Kantar's suggestion that more than 30% of South Korea's total population of 49 million were followers of Manchester United.
5327	Nicolas Colsaerts hits one in the loo.
5328	Nicole Eisenschenk, in the striped shirt, is pictured with her family in 1993.
5329	Nigeria is leading ECOWAS member states in the multilateral arrangements for a smooth transition of the mandate of African-led International Support to Mali (AFISMA) to United Nations mission.
5330	Nigeria realised about $900 million (N140 billion) from the export of cocoa and cocoa products in 2012, the Minister of Trade and Investment, Olusegun Aganga, has said.
5331	"Night vision equipment is available commercially and so may be sourced from many places," he said.
5332	Nikki, a nurse, presents a stethoscope to Juan Pablo so he can listen to her heart beat.
5333	Nikon has announced the new Nikon Df (MSRP $2,749.95 body-only), a style-conscious body that aims to put full manual control back in photographers’ hands.
5334	Nine D.C. libraries have closed to the public for the remainder of the day due to high temperatures inside the buildings.
5335	Nine out of 10 Canadians will take a "Timmies double double" over a cup of Starbucks' finest.
5336	No. 2 turned up recently at a location very far from Stevenson's native Scotland - the library at Syracuse University.
5337	Nobody is EVER killed with a gun."
5338	Nobody knows from year to year how many Welsh students will chose to study in England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, so nobody knows how much money Welsh universities have from year to year.
5339	No camera or option for cellular access.
5340	No chance of finding her.
5341	No chunks of ice or instantly melted mess, Parson’s have fine-tuned the art of slushy production.
5342	No country can improve the lot of its people, if business relationships are categorized by a lack of trust and refusal to pay legitimate debts.
5343	No crashes or injuries have been reported.
5344	No definite return date has been set, but coach Joel Quenneville mentioned the Hawks’ home game next Friday against the Canucks as the logical option.
5345	No doubt, Michael Dell is a capitalist.
5346	Noel Arscott, minister of local government and community development, in Gordon house June 6, 2012.
5347	Nokia insists that the exclusive strategy is the best one to get carriers interested in marketing the product, but the lack of parity between devices offers little incentive to the carriers with the inferior products to get to enthusiastic.
5348	Nolan is already playing with his lines, moving highly-regarded Zemgus Girgensons to center.
5349	No less predictable were the complaints from Israeli military and intelligence sources that the package didn't include enough new arms to satisfy Israel's needs, or were of the wrong kind.
5350	No matter how much cash Zuck is left with at the end of the day, we're sure it beats a membership to the Jelly of the Month Club.
5351	No matter where, it's going to be nearby somebody's back yard, near somebody's favorite park, going to make somebody's commute a little worse while construction is going on.
5352	No medical attention was needed and the student didn’t show any signs of swelling or bruising, the report said.
5353	Nominations close tonight at midnight.
5354	No molly he does not deserve to be in jail.
5355	"No money, no Obamacare."
5356	None has her more excited than a gym that she plans to open with Woodward Camp in West Des Moines, Iowa, this year.
5357	None of them was ready to affirm gay rights, even from a purely legal standpoint, instead stressing their own heterosexuality in homophobic terms.
5358	Non-GAAP non-advertising revenue gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2013was 52%, up from 44% for the same period last year, primarily due to the shift in revenue mix from low margin MVAS to higher margin Weibo VAS.
5359	No NK tv stations ain't allowed to participate in coups like they once did in Venezuela.
5360	"No, no I meant the character?"
5361	Non-performing loans dipped to 13 percent of the bank's outstanding loan portfolio in December, from 13.3 percent at the end of September, and Bankia said they could end up falling this year.
5362	No one else had even the slightest motive to kill Tracy.
5363	No one is going to be there."
5364	No one on the plane was hurt, but four ground employees who were in the building sustained minor injuries, ACSA said.
5365	" No one thinks they're misinformed."
5366	No one wanted to sell at a low price,” says Lyon, whose company is in Bend, Ore.
5367	"No other filmmaker has gotten a better shake than I have," Altman said while accepting the award.
5368	No other items in the house were disturbed and some bagged change was left on the table.
5369	No party has yet set out which parts of the system should be protected or extended and which will need to be run down over time.
5370	No party is expected to win an outright majority in the 114-seat parliament and coalition-building is expected in the aftermath.
5371	No passengers were on board the Japan Airlines plane at the time.
5372	Nor are any background checks being advocated for them, either.
5373	Norconex uses a large number of search technologies from leaders on the market as well as offering its own search-related products.
5374	Noriko Suzuki shows a place where she …
5375	Nor is it expected to protect citizens from terrorists.
5376	Normally he makes about $2 to $3 a day.
5377	North Carolina State athletics director Debbie Yow, who was hired after a Parker search for that position, has turned to the firm to lead searches for coaches in football, men's basketball and women's basketball in the past two years.
5378	North Korea can take or leave this paltry tourism income: even if all westerners voted with their feet and didn't visit, it would make no difference to the North Korean government from a financial perspective.
5379	North Korea’s latest threat of “strong countermeasures” against South Korea if the South supports UN sanctions against the North actually worries some analysts more than the North’s claim to be testing a nuclear device capable of hitting the US.
5380	No structures were lost, and no injuries were reported to residents or firefighters.
5381	No summonses were issued, Pentangelo said.
5382	Note: Most commercial transactions provide for payment of brokerage commissions in the purchase contract, not in a listing agreement, and further provide that no brokerage commissions are owed unless the transaction closes.
5383	Not even the tank guns were visible with 65 guys draped on the armor.
5384	Nothing about the stances taken by Russia and China will change.
5385	Nothing really positive."
5386	Notice something in common in every one of these stories?
5387	"Not in a cocky way, just in a very confident way.
5388	Not in Richmond they don’t.
5389	Not just quarter, but finishing possessions.
5390	Not just the running back.
5391	Not Obama or our sorry asses who can't get this war stopped!
5392	Not one to hold back on design secrets, Barrett says, "fascinating new products such as translucent concrete, LED wallpaper, or emotionally-reactive fabrics are coming to the marketplace every day.
5393	Not only racial issues have durably divided the states.
5394	"Not only will we get there, we will also conquer whichever team comes our way and get the ticket to the World Cup finals."
5395	Not only would the international community be exposing Syrian civilians to further attacks with weapons of mass destruction -- the West would also have to say goodbye to the prospect of a civilized political order in Syria."
5396	``Not real surprising that he's complaining about something,'' Woods said.
5397	No Valentines for big oil.
5398	Nova Scotia Premier Darrell Dexter said a barrage of criticism from consumer groups during regulatory hearings into the Maritime Link project doesn't faze him.
5399	November 13, 2005 - Time Magazine names Napolitano as one of the nation's top five governors.
5400	Now, are you telling them MasterCard in some measure in that instance, did MasterCard hire the doctor or did you?
5401	No way do the judges keep him.
5402	Now, both are former Orioles.
5403	Now businesses there are bracing themselves for the end of the stimulus.
5404	Now, dear reader, who would you say really benefits from Africa's huge wealth?
5405	Now every country on earth will be over to butter up the new leader trying to get all that oil.
5406	Now here’s a new twist on eggs Benedict that we’d like to try.
5407	Now, here’s the tricky part.
5408	Now is a good time to remember the prophetic denunciation of America's violence that The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. gave in a controversial speech at The Riverside Church in New York City on April 4, 1967.
5409	"Now is the opportunity to stop 60 years of decline.
5410	Now Jesse Ventura says he could try it again, this time for president.
5411	Now Kansas is dealing with a slump from leading scorer Ben McLemore, a freshman and the only non-senior starter.
5412	Now Mr. Kerry is in Amman, Jordan, for three days of consultations with Israeli and Palestinian leaders aimed at bringing them to the table for the first time in almost three years.
5413	Now or later — that, too, was a big idea.
5414	Now, Peña Nieto is pushing tax, labor, and energy reforms.
5415	Now please shuffle along, we've got rather alot of nonsense waiting in line just behind you.
5416	Now, she doesn't know what they will do.
5417	Now, thanks to Robredo, Federer has a new, unwanted streak: Two consecutive losses before the quarter-finals at majors.
5418	NOW THAT GREELY has won back-to-back titles, is a three-peat possible?
5419	Now that his home has a fresh coat of paint, he's still not sure if it's an improvement.
5420	Now that's funny, right there.
5421	Now that the dust has settled on the 2012 election, the fiscal cliff and budget sequestration, the business of governing in President Obama's second term is underway.
5422	Now that the Senate has passed its version, it's up for House Republicans to make the next move.
5423	Now the children's father, Ruben Moreno, is speaking out.
5424	"Now the developer is getting all the iMessages from my son's friends," he added.
5425	Now the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change faces a problem: publicize these findings and encourage skeptics -- or hush up the figures.
5426	"Now, the mandate's a moving target.
5427	Now the Messenger mission science team is hoping NASA will approve a second mission extension for two more years, that would last until the spacecraft runs out of fuel and crashes into Mercury's surface.
5428	Now the newer homes that were in distress are either being bought up in short sales or regaining some value as home prices rise so they don't reach the bank repossession stage.
5429	Now, the predominance of PR, and the business world’s collective obsession with reputation, have changed the terms of that arrangement.
5430	Now there's evidence Jupiter and Saturn also harbor hidden treasure, scientists said Tuesday at a meeting in Denver.
5431	Now the world knows what happens when Israel lightens up on restrictions and makes humanitarian gestures.
5432	Now they could play their way into the Fiesta Bowl.
5433	Now they have to contend with droughts.
5434	Now, though, a large section of the hull that was raised to the surface 30 years ago has become the centerpiece of a new museum in Portsmouth's historic dockyard.
5435	Now, you have to understand that this is a key foreign policy issue.
5436	Now Zingano (7-0) is on the verge of stardom in the sport.
5437	NSA head: Proof that leaks hurt security - Video on NBCNews.
5438	NSA official: Snowden amnesty 'worth having a conversation about'
5439	Numbering 2.5 million of the country's 182 million population, Christians blame the government for failing to protect them.
5440	Nuns pray prior to start of Pope Benedict XVI's Angelus prayer in St. Peter's square at the Vatican, Sunday, Feb. 17, 2013.
5441	Nurmi called to the witness stand court analyst Jean Casarez for Turner Broadcasting, who had commented on air about Martinez's behavior and how troublesome it would be if jurors were to see it.
5442	Nurnberg, Germany - A pair of first-half goals earned Nurnberg a 2-1 defeat of Monchengladbach at the Frankenstadion on Sunday.
5443	NWU President Vincent Morrison - file photo.
5444	NYAMONGO residents in Northern Tarime District are in desperate need of quality medical services.
5445	OACAC employees and a host of volunteers gathered to present families information about a plethora of topics, including bullying, when to call 911, Cassville Area YMCA after school programs, nutrition and more from 24 vendors attending the event.
5446	OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) Forgive the San Antonio Spurs if they aren't that excited about holding a 3-2 series lead over the Golden State Warriors in the Western Conference semifinals.
5447	Obama: "After years of grueling recession, our businesses have created over 6 million new jobs."
5448	Obama also favored "jobs," while Rubio said the word "government" most often.
5449	Obama also said that the new class of 43 Presidential Innovation Fellows will help deliver a smarter, cheaper government.
5450	Obama hopes to build on that diversity in his second term. Only seven of 36 nominations the president currently has pending are of straight white men.
5451	Obama insisted, in one of the speech's repetitive themes, that "our journey is not complete."
5452	Obama is a U.S. citizen by virtue of his birth in Hawaii.
5453	Obama is expected to announce efforts to boost middle-class home ownership.
5454	Obama just too hip, slick & cool to be responsible for anything.
5455	Obama met with the officials Monday, four days after meeting with Jewish leaders as part of his preparation for the visit.
5456	Obama said gay rights didn't come up in their private meeting at the presidential palace, a mansion that looks somewhat similar to the White House.
5457	Obama said the Syrian government's actions threaten allies of the U.S. that border Syria, such as Jordan and Israel, which could "lead to escalating use of chemical weapons or their proliferation to groups who want to do us harm."
5458	Obama seemed to be scoring points after standing firm against Republicans.
5459	Obama should also talk with firearms ethusiasts such as hunters, trick shot artists and competion target shooters for their opinion of Fienstein's proposed bill.
5460	Obama: Syria is 'not another Iraq or Afghanistan'
5461	Obama was scheduled to meet on Tuesday with Senate Democrats before his nationally televised speech in the evening, the night before the Senate was likely to hold its first procedural vote on a resolution authorizing military strikes against Syria.
5462	Obama won Florida with 50 percent of the Cuban-American vote.
5463	Obama won the election and Obamacare didn't get killed like the GOP promised!
5464	O'Brien's strong inside play and two 3-pointers by Rahon helped the Aztecs take control.
5465	O’Brien wasn’t a realistic option for NFL teams after last season due to his massive buyout.
5466	Obviously, he’s not going to play tonight.”
5467	Obviously, he wasn't a very good counselor, because she sounds nutso as can be.
5468	"Obviously she's the focal point.
5469	“Obviously, that’s a goal of ours, but it’s such a process, and today’s the first step.
5470	``Obviously, the last one, he was going for it, but everybody was rooting him on.
5471	“Obviously, we were one of the last to open,” last year, says Bartlett, referring to the chain’s 6 a.m. opening in 2012.
5472	Occupational injuries and illnesses are not limited to physical effects, the Taiwan Occupational Safety and Health Link (TOSHL) said yesterday, calling on the government to also recognize psychological traumas that can take a serious toll.
5473	O’Connell remains pastor of St. Alphonsus Parish and has not been removed from public ministry, she said.
5474	October 2009, we watched as stylists shaved the rear of the full-size clay model Jaguar at the company's headquarters at Castle Bromwich in the U.K., looking for the perfect accent line.
5475	Oebanda told CNN: "The first time they do that they were already warned not to tell anybody.
5476	Of all the cities I have seen and visited, Ethiopia's capital is the one most highly populated by pedestrians and vendors.
5477	"Of course, a lot of the fresh horses didn't run well (Saturday), either."
5478	"Of course anyone responsible for a sexual assault should be held accountable," says lawyer Nicole Pittman, the report's author.
5479	Of course, everyone keeps looking at Woods’ more recent record in the events that really matter.
5480	Of course, food coloring gives red velvet batter its signature appearance.
5481	"Of course he doesn't want to create too much panic.
5482	Of course, Heschel was not the only ally present; while wary of the risk of replacing the subjects of the struggle, some have even called the role of allies "strategically essential."
5483	"Of course I'm with exceptional students," he added.
5484	Of course like anything with hashtag, overloading a single picture with dozens of them defeats the purpose.
5485	Of course, now that we have a country with many addicted people dying of respiratory depression, having a drug that can effectively treat your pain with no respiratory depression, I think that’s pretty cool.
5486	Of course Sylva was arrested.
5487	"Of course there is an article in Somaliland's penal code dealing with this issue, but we think it is not deterrent enough.
5488	Of course what we’re seeing now is typical of the government heads around here – Ds and Rs.
5489	Of equal importance was making sure that the actors portraying his fellow SEALs — Taylor Kitsch (as Michael Murphy), Emile Hirsch (Danny Dietz) and Ben Foster (Matt 'Axe' Axelson) — were up to the task.
5490	Off Color Brewing continued to show why it’s going to be a game changer among Chicago’s growing number of breweries with sessionable barrel-aged selections like “Cherry Trouble” and “Radlersnake.”
5491	Offensively, meanwhile, quarterback Russell Wilson threw his second interception of the season and lost a fumble when he was sacked.
5492	Offerd by conservative Republicans, the alternative plan introduced Wednesday after weeks of hearings and debate on Democratic proposals lacked any expansion of background checks but called for more funding to better enforce the existing system.
5493	Officer responded and assisted.
5494	Officers entered the apartment by force after obtaining a warrant by phone.
5495	Officers responded to the area of Granger Avenue about 150 feet north of Caroline Street for a reported robbery.
5496	Officials are concerned about people mixing marijuana and alcohol, especially if they're going to be driving home.
5497	Officials at the WWE expressed condolences to the family in a statement on Wednesday, but said it was "clearly a lack of parental supervision" that led to the death.
5498	Officials earlier this week indicated that Windhoek could face water rationing for the first time in many years because of this imminent crisis.
5499	Officials from two of the G7 economies said the talks - on Friday and Saturday at a 17th-century country house 40 miles northwest of London - were likely to focus more on the slow progress of reforms to banking and finance around the world.
5500	Officials in France, Germany, Spain and the Netherlands said they have not issued any warnings about possible travel by Snowden.
5501	Officials ordered an investigation, but by Saturday morning still did not know what had caused the crash.
5502	Officials reported the intersection is a two-way stop that halts traffic going east and west on 20th Ave. According to police, Atta didn't have to stop at the intersection.
5503	Officials said Frazier’s grandmother then went after Griffin.
5504	Officials said it happened just after 3 p.m. in the area of 30th Street and Fall Creek Parkway.
5505	Officials said that people jumped out of a window as flames gutted the home.
5506	Officials said the driver suffered minimal injury.
5507	Officials said they have spent the past two years negotiating with property owners to secure the land that it needs.
5508	Officials say Alexis, an information technology employee with a defense contractor, used a valid pass to get into the Washington Navy Yard building where he opened fire Monday, killing 12 people.
5509	Officials say that led to other cases ranging from the Seattle area to Honduras and Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
5510	Officials say the reopening of the oil field in the area will increase oil production outputs destined for international markets.
5511	Officials warned residents to always question people identifying themselves as sheriff’s deputies or police officers.
5512	Officials with Portage Place refused to comment on Tuesday.
5513	Off with there heads I say.
5514	O’Flaherty would have worked the eighth and given the ball to Craig Kimbrel to close.
5515	"Often times it's very difficult to tell the difference between a real gun, or a toy or a replica," he said.
5516	Of the $2 billion + cost, they only provide $272 million and reap all the rewards with no cost to them.
5517	Of those catches, 36 have been for first downs.
5518	Ogada believes that much of the current violence is orchestrated.
5519	Oh, and about the Ducks and Cardinal?
5520	Oh and rich people shouldn't pay more tax.
5521	Oh and vote no - get nothing, that's my prediction!
5522	O'Hara worries the province is working with private developers, rather than non-profit groups.
5523	Oh well, we can't all be Switzerland, but we can try.
5524	Oh, your neighbour is a dictator, is bad governance and is a violator of human rights, but that is not true.
5525	Oil and gas company Santos Ltd., which said it expects to meet its 2013 production forecasts, rose 1 percent.
5526	Okay, I thought, we’re simply playing in a different game universe accessed via lighthouse, and didn’t really think about it much past that.
5527	Okay, you may think this is just some crazy conspiracy theory -- and you are doubtlessly right about that.
5528	OK, I admit to ordering one of the new golden-foliaged redbuds, another chameleon with dramatically changing leaf color.
5529	OK I like you again.
5530	Oklahoma City won 89-85 at Charlotte on Friday night in their first game since that surgery, as Durant had 34 points and 12 rebounds.
5531	Old Mutual will be the first tenant to take up office space upon completion of the development.
5532	OLD ORCHARD BEACH 48, TRAIP ACADEMY 30: Christina Colman netted 17 points to power the Seagulls (5-2) past the Rangers (2-5) at Old Orchard Beach.
5533	Old Wisconsin Avenue.
5534	Oliver's 15-person department handles more than 13,000 calls for service annually and deals largely with arrests for driving violations, thefts and drug crimes by out-of-towners.
5535	Olivier Hanlan scored 16 points for the Eagles.
5536	On 12 June 2011, Bozizie's government signed a ceasefire agreement with the Convention of Patriots for Justice and Peace (CPJP), the only major armed group not to have signed the June 2008 Libreville Comprehensive Peace Agreement.
5537	On a call with analysts, Intel chief financial officer Stacy Smith admitted that tablets are affecting sales of PC chips, which fell 3 percent in the quarter.
5538	On a more positive note, a crew from the Augusta Bureau of Parks, Cemeteries and Trees began flooding an ice rink at the Calumet Playground on Northern Avenue Thursday morning.
5539	On Andy's instruction, both Monitor, the Foundation Trust regulator, and the Care Quality Commission were brought in to put pressure on Tameside to improve.
5540	On an ordinary Saturday, the people of Franklin Street might have been sitting on their front porches under gingerbread trim, or talking a walk to enjoy the blooming yellow forsythia and white flowering cherry.
5541	On April 16, the U.S. Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in the case of Adoptive Couple v. Baby Girl, more popularly known as the Baby Veronica case.
5542	On a recent afternoon, Kirch's students stood in pairs with one student forming a cone shape with her hands and the other angling an arm so the "cone" was cut into different sections.
5543	On assuming his duties, Cde Zuma appointed a backroom technical team to assist him, including Ms Zulu, Mr Charles Nqakula who is High Commissioner to Mozambique and Mr Mac Maharaj who is a special envoy and spokesperson to the Presidency.
5544	On August 20, 1965 she was united in marriage with Roy Paul Maxwell who survives her of the home.
5545	On Capitol Hill, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., and top Democrats also mocked Stutzman, offering faux apologies if he felt disrespected as they stood next to a placard bearing Stutzman’s words.
5546	On casual evenings the crowd loosens up a bit (while still remaining posh).
5547	Once only accessible in well-funded labs, 3D printers are getting cheaper and you can print the parts to build your own one at home.
5548	Once the "residence of kings," according to Trip Advisor, Kailua-Kona has something for everyone: gorgeous nature, fragrant coffee plantations and even a volcano to boot.
5549	Once the U.S. Embassy issues a death certificate, Gandolfini's remains can be returned to the United States.
5550	Once they talked, it felt right.
5551	"Once we see small pieces of gold glittering, we start digging with pickaxes and hoes," Bakyt says.
5552	ON DECK: The Sox host Team USA at 2:05 p.m. (audio at mlb.
5553	On each phone, a new “Cast” button appeared in the Netflix, YouTube and, on the Galaxy, Google movie-player apps.
5554	One bad thing is that I have been called to speak at several parole hearings.
5555	One Brazilian official said news of U.S. spying on Brazilians derailed the chances of Boeing's F/A-18 Super Hornet, which was once favored to win.
5556	One Brentwood resident, Sam Shore, has posted a lengthy writeup criticizing traffic conditions and the city's lack of planning for the oncoming population boom.
5557	One caller even said I was now a strong Obama supporter!
5558	One can easily imagine the songs as a sturdy vehicle for her delightfully over-the-top stage shows, and in small doses, they'll fuel the Little Monsters on the dance floor.
5559	One change that could have a impact on many homeowners is to mandate that all downspouts and sump pump systems be disconnected from the sanitary sewer system.
5560	One could look at Guillermo del Toro's latest movie as a logical extension of the summer season specialty.
5561	One day later, he wrote, “I’m a stress free kind of guy.”
5562	“One day when I feel like it, I might come back, but right now I need a break.”
5563	One day, you look in the mirror and see sagging flesh and rising yields.
5564	• One Eagle who would clearly gain from a change at quarterback, even if it were just for a week due to injury, is Brent Celek.
5565	One for each of the ones he took.
5566	One gigabit per second is the same speed offered by Google Fiber, as a pilot project, in Kansas City, Mo., and Kansas City, Kans., for $70 a month — a service that is envied by residents of many other U.S. cities, if the internet buzz is any indication.
5567	One image has taken the Internet by storm, capturing the link between the case, the Civil Rights Movement and the fight for racial equality in the United States, showing Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. wearing a hoodie.
5568	One in four people from China travelled by plane last year; that number will rise to virtually the whole active population in the next two decades, he said.
5569	One is already sold out and the other still has a few open slots.
5570	One labor leader told the newspaper Thursday the talks "were not going well."
5571	One last comment here.
5572	One more point: did it seem to everyone that Armstrong never uncrossed his legs for the entire two and a half hours he talked to Oprah?
5573	One more sign that the empire is collapsing.
5574	One night I made $300 in tips, which was insane as a college student.
5575	One of El Gran Sabor's most popular dishes is the cachapa, a dish similar to a taco but wrapped in a cornmeal pancake.
5576	One of Florida's touchdowns came on a 100-yard kickoff return by Andre Debose in the third quarter immediately after a Louisville field goal had given the Cardinals a 23-point lead.
5577	One of Martin's sweatshirt strings is longer than the other and de la Rionda asks if this could be because Zimmerman was pulling on it.
5578	“One of my brothers was looking on the internet for John Does and he found one that had a similar description to my brother,” Avis explains.
5579	One of my favorite songs is sang by the late great Sam Cooke “A Change is Gonna Come” As you’re reading this article and we’re embarking upon a brand New Year (2013).
5580	One of Northern California's most beloved architects, Julia Morgan, has received the top honor that an American architect can win - 56 years after her death.
5581	One of the biggest mistakes that people make when they start is a business is that they expect customers to come flocking instantly.
5582	One of the eight massacres the report attributes to government forces is a notorious event that occurred in the village of al-Bayda in May.
5583	One of the few restaurants we seek out while traveling.
5584	“One of the fundamental tasks of my government is to ensure that our relationship with Indonesia goes from strength to strength,” Abbott said in Sydney on Monday, according to an e-mailed transcript.
5585	"One of the greatest joys I got out of my garden was being able to see things grow.
5586	One of the largest one-day drops in oil prices occurred on Jan. 17, 1991, the day after the United States launched an air campaign in Iraq.
5587	One of the last things Jesus told his followers to do was to buy a sword for protection (Luke 22:36).
5588	One of the men from the towing company had just gotten into the car to assist with loading it onto the wrecker's flatbed; he was fatally injured when the Corolla was crushed beneath the flatbed truck.
5589	One of the most striking statements following the failure to induct any new members into the Baseball Hall of Fame Wednesday comes from Thursday's New York Times, which decided to devote a blank space where a usual story would have gone.
5590	One of the most troubling is the growing debate over the status of Kismayo, Somalia's third city.
5591	"One of them told me to 'shut up' and then hit me on the left side of my head with the gun," she said.
5592	One of the seminar participants, Rev. Siele from Tserona sub-zone noted the vitality of direct discussion and transparency pertaining to creating goodwill in connection with government programs, and called for further focus to this end.
5593	"One of the speakers at the demonstration said, 'Our parents were not afraid in 1971; we won't be afraid now,'" according to Ahmed.
5594	One of the themes of "The King's Skeleton" centers on how Richard III may have gained a blacker reputation than he deserved.
5595	“One of the things people need to understand is that the use of corticosteroids can be lifesaving,” Fineman said.
5596	One of the women points to Lana, the 10-month-old baby tucked in her mother's arms.
5597	One of those consequences could have been being mowed down by a large ship that cut right into Morillo’s swim path mere moments after he had been picked up by authorities.
5598	One of those tracks, Dynamite! is premiering at USA TODAY.
5599	One resident said Ty Warren, Deion Branch and Richard Seymour have all been neighbors.
5600	One says, “I love geeking out and making nice clean cuts.”
5601	One shareholder late last week put it this way: Who wants to take the risk of finding out?
5602	One tenet of fair trade business that I admire is the intent of distributors to empower disenfranchised populations through commerce.
5603	One thing that doesn't change is her thoughts of home.
5604	"One thing that we are concerned about, there is a red flag warning that is in effect and the associated winds that come with that could be an issue," said Fritz.
5605	One thorny issue is a provision that would require immigrants to pay back taxes to the federal government—and calculate that tax bill themselves instead of having the Internal Revenue Service do it.
5606	One thought leads to another and soon everyone is contributing and a sense of ownership takes hold.
5607	"One time I remember I was upset in the hallway, and she came up to me and she just - it was like, 'Hey Maggie, I know we don't know each other well but are you doing OK?'
5608	One U.N. official in Mogadishu and in contact with people inside the besieged compound said the gunmen had not been able to get inside.
5609	One woman was transported to hospital and has since been released.
5610	"One would always make mistakes.
5611	One would be junior Tommylee Lewis (48 receptions for 539 yards), who has gone from special-team standout to consistent MAC receiver – and has more room for growth.
5612	One Wyndemere resident opened his home to some of the fire victims, board member Laurel Fasciano said.
5613	On February 6, 1790, the last stone of the hated prison-fortress was presented to the National Assembly.
5614	On Friday, Police tried to pull over a driver for a traffic violation, but he sped off.
5615	On getting placement with Government Arabic Teachers College (GATC) Gwale in Kano, Mahmud did what seemed to be the only objectionable thing in his life as a student.
5616	On his week-long Middle East tour, Hagel made stops in Israel, Saudi Arabia and Jordan where he discussed the Iranian nuclear programme and the conflict in Syria.
5617	On its website, Leaf said it produced only 99 sets of the 2013 collection.
5618	On its website Wednesday, the school reiterated its position that the buyout payment for Jones was a "necessary expense for the University of Tennessee to secure his services."
5619	On Jan. 19, the city was also struck by rampaging waters when the Davao River overflowed and submerged 17 areas in this city.
5620	On July 22, Canary launched a campaign to raise $100,000 in manufacturing capital on the crowdfunding platform Indiegogo.
5621	On Kennedy Kamba, the students said the PF youth leader must never set his feet on the UNZA campus because he had openly declared that he was an enemy of the learners.
5622	Online test preparation is one of the most convenient ways to study for the challenging examinations medical students must pass as they embark on careers in the various branches of medicine.
5623	Only 83.6 percent of the approximately 600 delegates voted for him, eight percentage points less than in his previous re-election in 2011.
5624	Only about 120 survived.
5625	Only a bunch of fools would put up with this garbage.
5626	Only a record of the nodes that contain its different blocks is stored, because this is necessary to rebuild the file, Malone said.
5627	Only in communistic countries do people get taken for a ride.
5628	Only now, he is equally adept at playing the cabinet's amiable grandfather-like figure.
5629	Only the House can.
5630	Only what makes her look pretty on tv.
5631	On Monday, an antenna cover came off and floated away.
5632	On Oct. 25, 1958, he married Imogene Laverne "Jean" Bledsoe, and she survives of the home.
5633	On oil markets, New York's main contract, West Texas Intermediate for delivery in November, fell 30 cents to $102.03 in afternoon trade, while Brent North Sea crude for November dipped 60 cents to $107.
5634	"On our part as the MDC-T we will be closely monitoring the election to ensure that there is no double voting," Komichi added.
5635	On paper, Gabriel Gomez is the type of Senate candidate Republican strategists have been waiting for.
5636	On paper, it means nothing.
5637	On Saturday, an overwhelmed skeleton crew called 911.
5638	On Saturday, demonstrators poured into the streets of eastern Paris to honor Meric, chanting "we don't forgive, we don't forget" and marching behind a banner that said he was "forever in our memories, forever in our hearts."
5639	On Saturday February 15th, 2014, The Heart Ball Committee will host the 50th Annual Heart Ball at Melia, formerly known and Sheraton Nassau Beach Resort.
5640	On Saturday night, Maine Sen. Angus King said he too will vote to support the compromise, which was reached last week.
5641	On Saturday, they'll try to push the investigation aside for a few more hours when they host Syracuse Orange (5-4, 3-2 Atlantic Coast Conference).
5642	On September 13, 2011, the Haqqani network, a Taliban group closely associated with al Qaeda, attacked the U.S. Embassy in Kabul, killing five Afghan police officers and 11 civilians.
5643	On Sunday, German magazine Der Spiegel reported that classified documents taken by Snowden also revealed U.S. spies had allegedly bugged European Union offices.
5644	On Sunday night, flights into to New York's John F. Kennedy International and LaGuardia airports were delayed by an average of 70 minutes.
5645	On Sunday, the elder McNabb and another more than two-dozen octogenarians taught another lesson: how to keep your stick on the ice into your eighties.
5646	On talent alone, they felt they got a bargain by grabbing him in the middle of the first round.
5647	Ontario Provincial Police will be on the lookout for distracted drivers this Labour Day weekend with more people hitting the roads and enjoying the final days of summer. more »
5648	On the Celebrity Reflection, those staying in the 1,636-square-foot Reflection Suite on Deck 14 get unique views from a pentagonal glass shower that cantilevers off the side of the ship (for views way down below).
5649	On the day of the murder, he went to fill up his car - but had forgotten money to pay for it.
5650	On the door to his shack on the grounds is a sign that reads: "Don't Dump on the Bronx."
5651	On the downside, shares of Symantec (SYMC, Fortune 500) got hammered after the company reported earnings and sales that fell short of estimates, and slashed its guidance.
5652	On the ensuing faceoff, four different fights broke out.
5653	On the FISA review panel, Cabranes is joining another Democratic appointee, Judge William Bryson of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
5654	On the Gulf Coast, refinery runs averaged nearly 8.5 million bpd, the highest level on U.S. government records dating back to 1992, and up nearly 400,000 bpd from June 14.
5655	"On the issue of a coup, this is obviously an extremely complex and very difficult situation," Kerry told a news conference in Amman, where he held talks with Arab officials, adding that Washington would not "rush to judgment".
5656	On the one hand, Cabral followed da Gama's advice and sailed toward São Nicholau Island, located in the western section of the archipelago.
5657	On the one hand, the disclosure could force the suspects to try to change their appearances and disappear, he said.
5658	On the other hand, the news that some players were high while they played for the Bulls should be much more offensive than the fact that Williams outed their behavior.
5659	On the other side are suppliers and distributors of spirits that contend the plain language of the initiative requires the fee.
5660	On the rare occasion when a student earned his praise, he would be celebrated.
5661	On the revenue charts, the big news is that the 14-month-old Clash of Clans managed to finally return to No. 1 on both the iPhone and iPad charts in America.
5662	On these terms the reforms promoted by the economics profession and implemented by Thatcher have failed the people of Britain – catastrophically.
5663	On the side of the Right are Orwell's anti-Sovietism, his conservative anti-modernism and his celebration of English common sense.
5664	"On the slopes we do have open, we can easily get through this warm week," said Rick Buckman, co-owner of the Spring Mountain Ski Area in Montgomery County’s Spring Mount.
5665	On the way back to the hotel, we dedicated that final day to giving everything that we had and trying to get that victory.
5666	On this night, it's the latter.
5667	On this particular flight, the systems were turned off, but typically the simulator will actually bounce around during take-off and landing.
5668	On Thursday, Egypt's government offered protection and "safe passage" to those willing to voluntarily leave the protest camp, as it announced it was taking "measures" to end the protests.
5669	On Thursday, federal prosecutors said Rajarengan Rajaratnam was part of his brother Raj’s insider trading ring, announcing criminal charges nearly two years after Raj was convicted and sentenced to 11 years in prison.
5670	On Thursday, his performance was a show-stopper.
5671	On Thursday night, NBC sportscaster Michelle Beadle responded to a radio host who asked if it was “out of line” to question Beadle’s weight.
5672	On Thursday, Thornsbury was charged with another federal crime; he allegedly conspired to block a federal investigation into Eugene Crum, then sheriff of Mingo County.
5673	On Tuesday, Jan. 15, the Eagles traveled to Franklin County, where the Lions romped over East Jackson 61-32.
5674	On Tuesday, outside linebacker Leonard Floyd became the team’s third player in two days to require surgery on his hand, according to the Macon Telegraph.
5675	On Tuesday, some House Republicans signaled that they might be amenable to a middle-ground option in which millions of illegal immigrants get legal residency but not the path to citizenship that Democrats are pushing.
5676	On Wednesday morning, the LGB community was, mostly, celebrating the fact that gay marriage – Lords permitting – was now several steps closer to reality.
5677	On Wednesday, Sunday Chanda escaped from threats of a violent attack at the Great East Road campus after he made disparaging remarks against the students during a live programme on the campus radio.
5678	On Wednesday, the CBE called a press conference to state that they will extend working hours - from 8am in the morning to 5:00pm at night, on Monday to Saturday, and from 8:00am up to 5:00pm on Wednesday, in order to make sure everybody registers on time.
5679	Oops, I've done it again.
5680	Opened by renowned restaurateur Danny Meyer in 1994, Gramercy Tavern remains one of the most beloved restaurants in New York City.
5681	Operations will start only after the NBE reviews and approves the Institution's establishment process, according to Michael.
5682	Operators that have confirmed interest in Myanmar include Sweden's TeliaSonera AB, Malaysia's Axiata, Norway's Telenor and Digicel.
5683	Opinions from experts range from praise of the reform to accusations that the government is planning a seizure of private money.
5684	Opposition forces who had been hoping that U.S.-led military strikes would help tip the balance in the civil war are growing increasingly desperate after the Obama administration shelved those plans in favor of a diplomatic solution.
5685	Opposition Rally for Democracy and Progress (RDP) MP Anton von Wietersheim gave notice in Parliament yesterday that he would want to know from Kaapanda tomorrow what the directors of Namzim are doing to deserve the proposed increases.
5686	Opposition spokesman on National Security, Delroy Chuck, wants the government to take decisive action to deal with the situation.
5687	Optimism was more widespread just before Mr. Obama took office four years ago.
5688	Option one involves closing one of the five elementary schools, and leaving the two middle schools alone.
5689	Oracle CEO Larry Ellison has thrown his gauntlet down in the burgeoning market for in-memory computing, announcing a new option for Oracle's flagship database at the OpenWorld conference in San Francisco.
5690	Oracle needs to win 11 because of a punishment for making illegal modifications to 45-foot (14m) catamarans it used in warm-up regattas.
5691	Oracle trails the best-of-17 series 3 to minus-1.
5692	“Orange Is the New Black” is the latest release from Netflix, which is quickly establishing itself as a real rival to cable.
5693	Or at least thinks they do.
5694	Or better yet just require that the RR companies update all road crossing to briges so that they won't effect traffic at all.
5695	Or did the CTA place safeguards into the agreement to ensure no private entity could profit from the problems of everyday Chicagoans who use the system?
5696	Oregon fans cheer during the first half of an NCAA college football game against California in Eugene, Ore., Saturday, Sept. 28, 2013.
5697	Organising secretary Chamisa meanwhile said the problems in Chegutu were the fault of "ZANU PF provocateurs."
5698	Organizers of their group, which is three months old, said it has 300,000 members now and has raised millions of dollars so far.
5699	Organizers with Harvest House in Glace Bay want to buy the building that houses the soup kitchen and renovate it so they can accommodate people who need shelter.
5700	Organizers would like to thank Perryton High School, Perryton Police Department, Perryton All Sports Booster Club, and Coach Watson for special contributions to the event.
5701	Or God forbid, should your digital download purchase ever become corrupted, you may be forced to purchase the game a second time (This happened to me once already).
5702	Or his minions?
5703	Originally from Dalian in northeast China, Wang trained at Central Saint Martins in London.
5704	ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — LeBron James spoke out again Wednesday about his involvement with David Beckham and the retired soccer superstar's plan to bring an MLS team to Miami.
5705	ORLANDO, Florida (Reuters) - The former chairman of the Florida Republican Party was sentenced on Wednesday to 18 months in prison for money laundering and stealing party funds.
5706	Or Mickelson, who’s coming off his fifth major victory at Muirfield.
5707	Or, they should pressure president Kiir to call for elections now for the people of South Sudan to choose the next government.
5708	Or you just get sick and tired of it.
5709	Osefiri house sent three candidates-Ayeni Adeyeba Isaac, Oriowo Taiwo Kolawole, and Stephen Oladeru for kingmakers to recommend one for the throne.
5710	Oslo is dead, what's next?
5711	Ota said it was his love for cats that first drove him to enter the area to capture images of pets and farm animals left behind, but what he observed affected him far more than he had expected, and started him thinking about what he could do to help them.
5712	Other black women are not the enemy.
5713	Other details included Buono's weight, 124.6 pounds.
5714	Other groups have aimed their ire toward the more worthy target, criticizing Congress for slipping the language into a must-pass bill without review by the Agricultural or Judiciary Committees.
5715	Other leading African female personalities include Kenyan Member of Parliament Charity Ngilu.
5716	Other more drastic ideas were also under consideration by the creditors to shrink the bailout to a size that wouldn't leave Cyprus' tiny €18 billion economy with an unsustainably high debt burden.
5717	Other more graphic photos were introduced as evidence.
5718	Other parties reacted harshly.
5719	Other rising names for girls include short-but-soft Mila, Aria and similar styles, Wattenberg said.
5720	Others followed in the footsteps of friends who had joined.
5721	Others said 72 hours appeared to be excessive and possibly unconstitutional.
5722	Others say it has led the U.S. into military and diplomatic quagmires.
5723	Others say some initial uncertainty and even confusion are to be expected.
5724	Others simply avoided getting caught, Cool said.
5725	Others take long to germinate and mature which has forced farmers to opt for the treated that not only give higher returns but mature with in a shorter period for instance maize matures between 100 to 110 days," Kawooya added.
5726	Other states with large populations of SNAP recipients expected to see big cuts include Florida, Michigan, New York and Texas.
5727	Other than Maryland, all of West Virginia's neighbors still have the death penalty — and Overington said he fears that West Virginia invites killers by not having capital punishment as a deterrent.
5728	Other than some possible free sampling, the videos will be made available only to subscribers of Amazon Prime, the online retailer's $79-a-year membership plan.
5729	Other than that the event was amazing!
5730	Other times, he would play real-time strategy games for weeks at a time, at least eight to 12 hours a day.
5731	Otherwise, he is a sixth- or seventh-round pick.
5732	Otherwise, most of the greats in Seahawks history have ended their careers with the team, played sparingly after leaving (anyone really remember Jacob Green’s two games and one tackle with the 1992 49ers?) or simply not made it back.
5733	Otherwise, such a draft may never be submitted to Parliament.
5734	Otherwise, the lone new release this week has a local connection, but is only available to rent on cable, satellite and iTunes for the next two months.
5735	Other workers were drafted for the video and the essay, one person had to upload the work on to the school website and the company driver transported the team around town.
5736	Ottawa at Columbus, 7 p.m.
5737	Our apartments offer spacious floor plans, while remaining close to Philadelphia and public transportation."
5738	Our argument is that the police have no right to arrest her," said Adv Mpofu.
5739	Our city collects $1.8 million per year in 4B taxes to be used to encourage new businesses to come to Duncanville and not one cent was spent in 2012 bringing new businesses to town, not one new job was created with this money for the same time frame.
5740	"Our commitment in this economy is to inject more working capital, Bungane said, adding that, we are planning to announce new investment in the next two to three months in the country."
5741	"Our daughter has lost her husband today, the father of her child," the family said.
5742	Our DUI related collisions in Fresno County are up right now compared to last year alone.
5743	Our live blog will kick off 15 minutes beforehand and bring you news updates, photos, and running commentary.
5744	Our mindset coming in was to rebound really well.
5745	Our numbers do not support this assertion.”
5746	"Our policy is not to intervene militarily," Fuad Hussein told Reuters in the regional capital of Arbil.
5747	Our preliminary analysis shows that Mainers will see an average property tax reduction of more than $500 statewide.
5748	Our relationship, along with my tenure as the yearbook editor-in-chief, defined my high school years.
5749	"Our researchers, when talking to people in Pakistan, find that the people are living in constant fear in very remote areas.
5750	Our Royal Charter-plus will ensure robust self-regulation while winning cross-party support, writes Nick Clegg.
5751	``Our sexuality does not define us,'' the Olympic champion said.
5752	"Our study found that gay male teens acquire the HPV virus including HPV 16 very soon after they first become sexually active," Chen told Reuters Health.
5753	Outlook: While other higher-seeded EvCo teams bowed out of last year’s postseason, it was the third-place Bearcats who made it to the Tacoma Dome, losing to Lynden in the 2A semifinals.
5754	Outnumbered, outgunned, Romesha and the lieutenant devised a plan with Sgt. 1st Class Jonathon Hill from Blue Platoon.
5755	Out of all who contribute something significant to life,.
5756	Out of the eight women in that group who turned out to have cancer, six had recorded at least one negative HPV test in the prior two and one-half years.
5757	Outside the court, about 50 woman lawyers held a protest, demanding wholesale changes in the criminal justice system to ensure justice for women.
5758	Outside Wendy’s, politicians and supporters took it in turns to address the protesters in between chants (“The year is two-oh-one-three,” one rhyme started.
5759	Overall, crimes against women decreased by 11.1% compared to four years ago, from 197 877 to 175 880 cases.
5760	Overall, reported contributions to Morse and Giron totaled around $3 million, giving them a 5-1 advantage over recall supporters.
5761	"Overall, we saw strong equities, stronger real estate markets, and a bottoming out of the economies in the developed markets," said William Sullivan, global head of financial services for Capgemini.
5762	Over that period, AT&T made nearly 375 wireless network upgrades across West Virginia.
5763	Over the course of a year, they become an unlikely family.
5764	"Over the last year we have seen a census of 31 to 32 youth per month and again, the facility is costing us $19.4 million and that's taxpayer dollars," said Bev Mackereth of the Office of Children, Youth and Families.
5765	Over the next year, my dad was sectioned three times.
5766	Over the past decade, Karzai has been at pains to reassure Tehran over the American military presence.
5767	Over the past decade, since 1995 when the World Council of Hellenes Abroad (SAE) was founded Andrew Athens has traveled to all continents covering a distance of millions of miles in an effort to unite and strengthen the Greek communities abroad.
5768	Owen Hawkins, business development manager for Surrey Satellite Technology in the United Kingdom, called Wednesday's project "very, very exciting."
5769	Owen Van Natta, who had worked as Facebook's chief operating officer and chief revenue officer from September 2005 to February 2008, became Myspace's new CEO.
5770	Owner, Francesca Tanedo, opened REVEL in January 2013.
5771	Ozone is a molecule made up of three oxygen atoms, and the ozone layer, which stretches from heights of 12 to 19 miles (20 to 30 kilometers) above the Earth's surface, protects life on Earth by shielding it from ultraviolet (UV) radiation.
5772	Pablo Caballero Sr., a U.S. citizen, had only six years of formal schooling back in Mexico.
5773	Pacers guard Gerald Green received a pass from teammate Lance Stephenson off the side of the glass, throwing down a clean two-hand reverse.
5774	Page 272. section 1145: Cancer hospitals will ration care according to the patient’s age.
5775	Paid digital subscriptions were up 6 percent in the first quarter from the fourth quarter, after growing 13 percent in the fourth quarter from the third.
5776	Pak, a three-time winner of the event, won her first LPGA Championship for her first tour title as a rookie in 1998.
5777	Pakistani activists of the Islamic Sunni Tehreek party carry flags at a rally in Islamabad on Sunday, October 14.
5778	"Pakistan's position is not to release him to Afghanistan but to keep him in Pakistan.
5779	Palestinian officials gave a muted reaction to Ms Livni's new appointment.
5780	Pallbearers carried the casket with the body of Brandon Holt out of St. Joseph's Church after the funeral service on today in Toms River, N.J. Holt, 6, was accidently shot by a 4-year old playmate.
5781	Palmer says he plans to run for the county seat representing District II; currently occupied by Steve Acquafresca.
5782	Panetta said an FBI team that includes CIA and DOD members "has made very good progress" in identifying the attackers.
5783	Pantry leaders said they are grateful to have their current home, but it is not ideally suited for their work of feeding those in need.
5784	Paparazit also aims to change the way we connect with celebrities.
5785	Parents can also set daily time limits on a content-by-content basis.
5786	Parents described needing to shield their kids from online articles about scary "diabetes-related" complications that actually refer to Type 2 diabetes.
5787	Parents join engaged couples for pre-wedding dance lessons: Jaime Greene says it's not easy being the lead and h..
5788	Parents of students from Francis-Stevens, Garrison and the five Ward 7 schools on Henderson's initial list also launched social media campaigns, testified in large numbers and produced plans to grow enrollments.
5789	Parent's plan should the game go to the 17th was to have outfielder Casper Wells take the mound.
5790	Parents said the change was good.
5791	Paris (AFP) - The eurozone is finally set to return to growth in 2014 but the single currency bloc may not have put its crisis behind it as efforts to shore up its banks could boomerang.
5792	PARIS — Andrea Ortiz, a 24-year-old Spaniard, has degrees in law and business and works in a multinational clothing company — as a store clerk.
5793	PARIS (AP) — The French government is preparing to publicly release details from its intelligence services about a suspected chemical weapons attack in Syria.
5794	Parks authority says public pressure has reduced its ability to protect endangered species by thinning rampant populations of scavengers.
5795	Parks desire to continue working to improve the lives of others and fight injustice was the reason the two of them started the Rosa and Raymond Parks Institute for Self-Development in 1987.
5796	Partaking in sexually oriented activities with clients is (thankfully) increasingly frowned upon, if not explicitly banned in companies' codes of conduct.
5797	Partisan policing and prosecution has worsened the impact of the repressive provisions in POSA and AIPPA laws.
5798	Partnership aids your work.
5799	Part of an acre, Hurricane District, $160,000.
5800	Part of a room on the second floor is alight.
5801	Part of his job is to help convince landlords that a one-time $50,000 payment to a tenant can be worth it, especially if the tenant is about to turn 60 (and become protected and very hard to evict).
5802	"Part of my talking with Steve was about am I the one with the energy left?
5803	Part of Scott’s job is to go from the clinic to the places on post where soldiers train or work and teach them about hearing conservation.
5804	Part of the credit went to the service's original programming, including House of Cards and Hemlock Grove.
5805	"Part of the ethos of these stopovers is to come into towns and leave something behind."
5806	Parton stressed Douglas and Chow remain on "good terms."
5807	Part-time work has accounted for some of the increase, but most of it has been a result of self-employment.
5808	Part two of the special airs Friday night at 9 ET on OWN.
5809	Pasco saw a similar increase of five percent in additional sales tax money.
5810	"Pasok has clearly stated its position publicly.
5811	Passos Coelho has fought tooth and nail to keep his country on a trajectory to exit its 78 billion euro ($102 billion) bailout next year as scheduled, but the measures have pushed Portugal deeper into its worst economic crisis since the 1970s.
5812	Patented Shapeez garments are designed to eliminate visible bra and underwear lines while comfortably providing superior support and slimming.
5813	PATH today announced the appointment of Kevin Osborne to the position of South Africa country program leader.
5814	Patients can expect to get the best results with the latest in available technology that has been researched and tested for effectiveness, and are also FDA approved.
5815	Patients can improve their smile via Dr. Marcia Martinez, a cosmetic and family dentist in Orlando, far more comfortably than ever before at her dental office.
5816	Patients with Alzheimer's and dementia are sit inside the Alzheimer foundation in Mexico City April 19, …
5817	Patrick D'Angelo, the police union attorney, watched the news conference and said the shooting would be found to be justified.
5818	Patrick Ewing will serve as Charlotte's acting head coach Friday against his former team.
5819	Patrick Holloway scored 17 points and Bryon Allen had 15 points and eight assists.
5820	Patrick Jane of "The Mentalist" finally comes face-to-face with Red John, the serial killer he's tracked since the madman murdered his wife and daughter.
5821	Patrons, friends and neighbors bid Beaver Postmaster Victor Sigurani (seated at end of table) a fond farewell and good wishes at a small potluck lunch on his last day Friday.
5822	Paula Deen said, "Your color of your skin, your religion, your sexual preference does not matter to me."
5823	Paul A. Lyons, 30, Cornville, unlawful trafficking in scheduled drugs, May 4, 2012, in Cornville; 14-day jail sentence, probation partially revoked, probation continued.
5824	Paula Newton has the latest.
5825	“Pauline, you spent an athletics career traveling the world, what do you think would be the impact to athletics in your country, of a world event coming to the Bahamas?”
5826	Paul provide strong feed for the Air France service, making the hub a natural choice for Air France."
5827	Paul said he believes “it’s at least 50-50 whether the House will vote down involvement in the Syrian war.”
5828	PBP say we should pay people a decent wage, this would mean people would pay tax and not need welfare.
5829	Pearl Jam reveals new single 'Sirens'
5830	Peavy entered the game 0-3 with a 10.31 ERA in four career postseason starts, gave up six hits in his four innings with four strikeouts and one walk.
5831	Peloso, 39, had last been seen in the Davenport Road and Bathurst Street area, before he was found.
5832	Pensions Minister Steve Webb said: "We're doing the right thing by today's workforce with our reforms.
5833	"People are beginning to fall and faint on the queue," said Peter Gichuchi, waiting for hours in the steamy heat of Mombasa.
5834	"People are just trying to survive out here," explained Matthew Myrs.
5835	People are not allowed to use their judgement in today's society; therefore, no judgement call is possible.
5836	"People are still going to know him.
5837	“People are walking the streets like zombies looking for food,” said Jenny Chu, a student.
5838	People arrived with BB guns and knives on sticks for a race to grab smartphone vouchers hanging from helium balloons.
5839	“People ask us all the time, which is more important, politics or feminism, and for us politics and feminism are one and the same thing.”
5840	People at the scene said the man, who was carrying two knives, entered the street in Fengxian district's Jinhui township at about 4 pm and began slashing randomly at passers-by.
5841	People can also contact PHIPPA which investigates excessive amounts being charged for accessing personal information.
5842	People can become a liability for companies, or a criminal in the eyes of jurors, after a few hours of rumors and outrage online.
5843	"people can think what they want but I know what really happened & Justin does too so everyone else's opinions don't matter to me," she tweeted Sunday.
5844	People danced in the streets.
5845	People: Don't forget those thank-you notes!
5846	People don't want to be embarrassed and they don't feel comfortable sharing how much they feel for someone because even they know, having never met in person they might feel a little crazy that they're so in love with this person.
5847	"People have no idea how damaging this is," Hoskins told the paper.
5848	People in the neighborhood said the 20-year-old was homeschooled before enrolling at Lone Star College.
5849	"People just don't know how strong fentanyl really is and once they inject it or even just smoke it, if your body hasn't reached the tolerance for the level you're taking, it suppresses your breathing and they just nod off and stop breathing."
5850	People must be looking for a job to qualify for unemployment benefits.
5851	People need answers to what happened to their loved ones," said Rev Father Emmanuel Sebamalai, a Catholic priest from the northwestern Mannar district, who was among the demonstrators.
5852	People on campus are acutely aware and concerned about Gleason’s battle with ALS.
5853	People probably couldn't pay their electric bills and hocked their tvs.
5854	People raise their hands and banners to show a hand gesture of an open palm with four raised fingers …
5855	People see the dentist more often, exercise more and are generally more aware of healthy behaviors because colleges promote them.
5856	"People who are engaged in seasonal jobs, such as migrants working in Russia, are listed as fully employed," Akeleev says.
5857	“People who know me, they know what kind of person I am,” he said.
5858	"People who use drugs may become infected with anthrax when the heroin they use is contaminated with anthrax spores.
5859	People will then point fingers, blame everyone but themselves, and decide that we just didn't try enough collectivism yet.
5860	Pepper Fandango and Cat Schrodinger dance and also play music.
5861	Perez was also criticised by Alonso, who was forced to give a place back to the Mexican after going off track to avoid hitting the McLaren as he was overtaken.
5862	Perhaps, but one should not be disqualifying.
5863	Perhaps Gillian Anderson’s character takes this to the furthest extreme—not only does she not have a family, she is affectless in most of her interactions (Botox?
5864	Perhaps only die-hard rugby fans outside South Africa will recall the 15-12 scoreline that day.
5865	Perhaps that also includes not being proud of what our children think, too.
5866	Perhaps the government should make loans available only to those studying in a program in which they have a reasonable chance of getting a job?
5867	Perhaps the single biggest change in Windows 8.1 is Microsoft's approach to search.
5868	Perhaps they're hoping to get in on the hybrid cronut trend?
5869	“Periodically closing areas to fishing was a practice used by early Hawaiians; it helped fish populations replenish themselves,” said William J. Aila, Jr., DLNR chairman said in a news release.
5870	Perls concedes that supercentenarians, with their superior anti-aging genes, probably aren’t the best lifestyle role models.
5871	Perry, apparently caught by surprise, spit out a sip of champagne and took the stage to thank her fans.
5872	Personal branding, much like social media, is about making a full-time commitment to the journey of defining yourself as a leader …”
5873	"Personally, I would hope the whole world will move towards public registers of beneficial ownership, but I want to maximise the leverage that the UK has got over others in terms of each step in turn.
5874	Peter Critchell, a fire brigade spokesman, said firefighters would try to salvage as many objects as possible.
5875	Peter Drucker was right — innovation and marketing are absolutely critical, but there’s one more leg to the table.
5876	Peter Harsnape is among those who wear a white poppy this month.
5877	Pete Rose sits, who appears with fiancee Kiana Kim in a TLC reality show.
5878	Peterson, whose 2011 season ended with a torn knee ligament, came within nine yards of setting a single season NFL rushing record and was named the Offensive Player of the Year at the NFL's awards show.
5879	Pettersen, the defending champion, will be joined by Americans Lexi Thompson and Michelle Wie and Taiwanese favorite Yani Tseng in the field for the four-round event beginning Thursday.
5880	Petty’s comments are nothing new.
5881	Pewee is practically a skeleton, with almost no flesh to cover his bones.
5882	Phase 2, which will include a 20,000 sq. ft. event space on the sixth floor of HBC's Edwardian building, is slated to open in the fall of 2014.
5883	Phil Geelhoed, president and CEO of Special Olympics Maine, said he appreciates that police are supporting the nonprofit.
5884	Phillip J. McKinley, 77, of Seligman, passed away on Thursday, Sept. 26, 2013.
5885	Philly.com says the state opposes their participation in the case and their efforts to defend what it calls their "purported marriage licenses."
5886	Phil Mickelson never imagined any of this happening at the British Open.
5887	Phil Mickelson won the Scottish Open at Castle Stuart, edging South Africa's Branden Grace with a birdie on the first extra hole.
5888	PHOENIX -- A man accused of striking a witness with an SUV during a vehicle burglary in a west Phoenix parking lot has been arrested.
5889	PHOENIX -- A Maricopa County juvenile detention officer was arrested Wednesday on charges related to running a house of prostitution.
5890	PHOENIX - A new Mexican restaurant will open its doors in the metro Phoenix area by the end of fall.
5891	PHOENIX, Nov. 2 (UPI) -- Eric Bledsoe hit a 3-pointer with a second remaining Friday that brought Phoenix an 87-84 victory over Utah.
5892	PHOENIX -- The Arizona Senate has rejected an effort to create a statewide ban on texting while driving by amending an existing House bill.
5893	Phoenix, though, is hoping the seemingly advantageous schedule can help them win the final two games of the jaunt, before playing seven of the next eight at home.
5894	Photos courtesy of Raquel Maldonado In the grasp.
5895	Photos posted on the website of the Yunnan Daily, the official newspaper of the provincial government, showed rescuers in orange jumpsuits using construction machinery to sift through massive piles of mud and earth.
5896	Photo via Gelateria Naia on Facebook.
5897	Physicians in Sherwood Park say the first phase of the $160 million hospital now under construction in the community has been downgraded to an urgent care centre.
5898	Picking up his first win of the season was Pan, who allowed two runs on nine hits over seven frames to beat Rhino reliever Lai Hung-cheng, who was charged for the Lions’ go-ahead run in the seventh.
5899	Pick up Nutter's friends first, followed by John Street's and then Ed Rendell's friends.
5900	Pierson, a Vermont native, has lived in the Bath area for 30 years.
5901	Pike was 18 years old when he and his father helped save 186 sailors from the two American war ships which ran aground near St. Lawrence during a vicious ice storm in February 1942.
5902	Pikus-Pace further established herself as an Olympic medal favorite — again — with a second-place finish at worlds, finishing only behind Britain's Shelley Rudman on the historic track in St. Moritz, Switzerland.
5903	Pilot Chesley Sullenberger skillfully steered the gliding jet toward the Hudson River and slowly brought it down on the water, keeping the fuselage intact.
5904	Pilsen may be struggling to make an impression on the Champions League but they said on Monday they had won an important battle to retain the services of their coach Pavel Vrba, who has guided them to two titles since arriving in 2008.
5905	Pistorius' lawyers must prove there is an "exceptional" reason to have him freed before trial.
5906	Pittsburgh's Matt Cooke took Senators defenseman Erik Karlsson into the boards and his skate ended up cutting the Norris Trophy winner's Achilles tendon.
5907	P.K. Subban scored for injury-struck Montreal, which failed to solve Anderson.
5908	Place a cast-iron skillet large enough to hold the steak (or a heavy roasting pan) on the upper rack.
5909	Planetary Resources' online fundraising campaign soared past the seven-figure mark Wednesday evening (June 19), green-lighting the asteroid-mining company's plans to deploy a publicly accessible space telescope in 2015.
5910	"Plan's goal is to ensure that refugee families have access to basic needs including education and child protection activities."
5911	Plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Company said it had to pump out rain water from around the storage tanks, but added that its radiation readings were within a safe limit.
5912	Player of the game Washington sophomore running back Bishop Sankey became the first Most Valuable Player off a losing team in the 21-year.
5913	Players can enjoy free bingo games 24/7, alongside fun slot titles and table games.
5914	Playing for Mexico, the veteran Mariners pitcher tried to keep his composure in the scrum of baseball players who were pushing, shoving and eventually punching each other.
5915	Play resumed several hours later.
5916	»Play Video The Dalai Lama places a prayer scarf over the neck of the University of Oregon president.
5917	Please, do not compare Albany to Portola.
5918	Please explain another example of the situation you describe ("as normal in Seattle").
5919	Pletcher said the colt, who is 3 for 3 in his career, might make his next start in the April 6 Wood Memorial at Aqueduct in Jamaica, N.Y. The Kentucky Derby is May 4 at Churchill Downs in Louisville.
5920	Plum got hot from three-point range and finished the half with four three-pointers.
5921	Plus, every month their home was worth less money, so the chance of recouping that money was slim.
5922	Plus, for every pair of frames sold, Archibald Optics donates a portion of the sale to help fund free cataract surgeries performed by Eyes for Africa.
5923	Plus, investigators are looking at jewelry and furniture gifts.
5924	Plus, I've used the LIRR to get to Fire Island for years.
5925	Pogo in this context is a nonce word, "a word occurring, invented, or used just for a particular occasion."
5926	Police are asking for help in tracing a missing pensioner and have revealed that today is his 63rd birthday.
5927	Police are investigating this connection.
5928	Police are looking for Kely Arbuckle, 25, of Murphysboro in connection with the shooting.
5929	Police arrested a 22-year-old suspect who was seen fleeing the scene on foot, and they recovered a possible murder weapon stashed in the wheel well of a nearby car.
5930	Police describe the impersonator as a while male, approximately 6'2" with a slender build and a mustache.
5931	Police describe the suspects as two black males between 5'9 to 6'0 tall with a skinny build.
5932	Police didn't find any weapons and people in the busy area, continued to crowd around to see what happened.
5933	Police diffuse anti-G8 protesters on June 11.
5934	Police estimate a person dies every three days in Portland from a heroin overdose.
5935	Police had to use snowmobiles to reach ambulances, fire trucks, police vehicles, some snowplow trucks and passenger vehicles stranded overnight on the Long Island Expressway.
5936	Police have been engaged in a two-day standoff with an armed suspect on Old Cypress Road.
5937	Police have been searching for Navarro-Canales, 16, since the discovery of the two bodies.
5938	Police have finally identified the mother of a murdered child who was found inside a cooler in Manhattan in 1991.
5939	Police have laid additional charges against the man at the centre of school lockdown drama earlier this week and are now alleging that he threatened a witness during his court appearance on Tuesday.
5940	Police investigate the scene of a mulit-vehicle accident on Las Vegas Blvd and Flamingo Road on Thursday.
5941	Police later found the vehicle the boys had been in abandoned at Horace Mann Elementary School, and identified the six boys using a surveillance video of the area.
5942	Police, lawmakers and security experts are scrambling for a potential solution.
5943	Police named, Jacob McDaniel, 20, of Noblesville, a suspect in the shooting.
5944	Police said a protester was shot dead after Jamaat supporters hurled petrol bombs at officers in the southern town of Feni.
5945	Police said Helton told officers he had had two cups of wine.
5946	Police said Ragan and another man forced their way in and grabbed purses, The Miami Herald reported.
5947	Police said shell casings at the scene indicated that at least two weapons were used.
5948	Police say an 18-year-old Saskatoon man used a popular cell phone app to make child pornography.
5949	Police say another man and two women were also wounded.
5950	Police say Cook repeatedly struck the child in the head with his fist and Overstreet knew of the abuse but permitted it to continue.
5951	Police say Dennis Clark shot his girlfriend Justine E. Baez at their apartment and then killed three men.
5952	Police say the driver of the vehicle, Cedric R. Moore, 27, became combative and began to fight with the trooper, attempting to take his gun.
5953	Police say Wilson was driving drunk.
5954	Police there had purchased two drones, saying they planned to use them for search-and-rescue missions.
5955	Police were appealing for information yesterday about Paul Whittick who was reported missing from Fulham.
5956	Police yesterday arrested more than 100 people in Rwamagana in one of its biggest crackdowns on suspected criminals.
5957	Political analyst and Zanu-PF Politburo member Professor Jonathan Moyo said South Africa was just re-stating the obvious.
5958	Politicians know this, with many of them opting to blast the Obama administration for not being more transparent but most opposing an end to broad surveillance powers.
5959	“Politics is the conspiracy of the unproductive but organized against the productive but unorganized.”
5960	Poll workers help voters cast their ballots in Mendham Township, New Jersey.
5961	Ponder was hurt when Packers safety Morgan Burnett delivered a jarring hit on a blitz when the teams played last Sunday.
5962	Poole would not say what kind of narcotics were found or how much.
5963	Poor people are bearing the brunt of a "perfect storm" of rising living costs, falling real wages, low savings and expensive credit that has seen unsecured consumer debt almost triple in the last 20 years, reaching nearly £160 billion.
5964	Pope Francis has a to-do list as long as his cassock.
5965	"Popes in recent decades may have undertaken grand journeys, but they have also sheltered themselves from the world and the problems of the faithful.
5966	Porter County Council member Jeremy Rivas, D-2nd, will lead the Council in 2013.
5967	PORTLAND – A man has been sentenced for his role in the heroin-related death of a Milwaukie High School student two years ago.
5968	Portland hasn’t dropped a match since losing to East-leading Montreal 2-1 on March 9. The victory Saturday was the Timbers’ sixth during their club-record unbeaten streak.
5969	PORTLAND, Ore. -- A newborn baby was found dead Tuesday morning at a North Portland recycling center, police and the county medical examiner said.
5970	PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Nancy Thompson thought she must have just misplaced her credit cards when she opened her purse on March 30 at a Portland restaurant to pay for her adult daughters' meals and found the cards were gone.
5971	PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - The sheriff heading up the search for a young Oklahoma man missing in the wilds of southeastern Oregon has cancelled a planned search flight because of high winds.
5972	PORTLAND, Ore. - Kylie Totten is just 8 years old, but she already understands the importance of giving back.
5973	PORTLAND, Ore. – Two men robbed another man with a box cutter in Southwest Portland Friday night, police said.
5974	Port Metro Vancouver directors approved a motion calling for a halt to new coal shipments on Friday, after hearing from more than 40 people about a proposal to build a coal transfer facility at the Fraser Surrey Docks. more »
5975	Postpone shopping or gambling.
5976	Potential means nothing unless you reach it.”
5977	Potts was taken to the Havana airport in a U.S. diplomat car and escorted to Miami by an American official.
5978	Poulter bravely gave chase with a fine 66, while French hope Victor Dubuisson finished third, a further two shots back.
5979	Prairie director Colin Craig said labour costs are a drain on the city, and the city's own auditors have said the demand isn't there.
5980	Prayers to all affected.
5981	Premier Hazem El-Beblawy, assigned the ministries of Agriculture, Investment, Electricity and Irrigation to solve all problems and obstacles facing investments in Toshka and Al-Owainat.
5982	Preparations have also started for the staging of the first annual Junior Murray/Made In Grenada Celebrity Cricket match in February.
5983	PRESCOTT -- No candidates have officially signed up to run for four open City Council seats in Prescott even though nominating packets have been available to prospective candidates for about four weeks.
5984	Presided at by the Governor Joseph Beti Assomo, the workshop enumerated some flaws witnessed during the just-ended 2012-2013 academic year.
5985	President Anastasiades was replying to questions during a press conference in which he briefed the press regarding the meetings he had during his visit to the US.
5986	President Barack Obama—exasperated by scandals, a seemingly stalled domestic agenda and armchair chiefs of staff in the media—wants to tell you what he really thinks, Washington.
5987	President Barack Obama's administration has made clear it will stand by treaty obligations that require it to defend the Japanese-controlled islands, but is also reluctant to get dragged into any military clash between rivals Japan and China.
5988	President Farole also noted that Puntland government is in discussions with the delegation from Somali Regional State of Ethiopia regarding implementation of the May 2012 agreement between the two sides.
5989	President Khama also told graduates that the course had armed them with the necessary skills to plan and conduct joint and combined operations while understanding the principles of strategic planning.
5990	President Obama discusses the death of former South African president Nelson Mandela.
5991	"President Obama has consistently demonstrated his commitment to multilateral diplomacy," she said.
5992	President Obama, he said, would set the day the government would go into default, and Republicans balking at raising the debt limit had no real idea when that day would be.
5993	President Obama said in an interview that he would be comfortable with a full pullout of U.S. troops.
5994	President Obama today conceded that he could fail to convince the American public to back proposed U.S. military strikes against Syria, but said that members of Congress should vote to approve the action anyway.
5995	President Robert Mugabe got 61 percent of the vote to avoid a presidential election run-off as was the case five years ago.
5996	Pre-tax profits shrank to NT$1.76 billion (US$59.47 million) last month, compared with NT$1.83 billion in July, according to the company’s filing to the Taiwan Stock Exchange.
5997	Previous Article Conservative or Moderate: Which McCrory Lives At The Mansion?
5998	Previous Article Man on the Edge - Guns in Public Parks?
5999	Previous Article Man on the Edge: Super Bowl Power Conspiracy?
6000	Previous Equifax studies have shown that consumers tend to take out more loans, and do not pay them back as quickly, during a volatile economy or periods of high unemployment.
6001	Previously, he tells me, they paid their way and didn't rape or kill for a long time.
6002	Previously that happened on April 9, 1897, and again on March 24, 1912.
6003	Previous to his tenure at the YMCA, which began in August 2011, he was employed as director of development for the Wyoming Valley Children’s Association in Forty Fort. There he was responsible for marketing and fundraising for its organization.
6004	Price appeared to injure his groin while making a stop on Max Pacioretty in a shootout during an intra-squad game Thursday night.
6005	Priced from low $1 millions, Watermark is located in coastal-close Pacific Highlands Ranch, adjacent to Carmel Valley.
6006	Price said: "The play is being performed by National Theatre Wales as part of the Edinburgh Festival Fringe this month, so we hope that this fantastic accolade will encourage more people to see the play."
6007	Prime Minister Erdogan is taking a political gamble by engaging with a man who is as reviled by Turks as he is revered by Kurds.
6008	Primero had nine of its 10 players score.
6009	Prince Y. Johnson returned home when the Interim Government of Charles Gyude Bryant was put in place.
6010	Prior to coming to GCGH, Reetz served as the Clinical Support Program Manager for Providence Medical Group.
6011	Prior to taking on the acting GM role, Walters served as assistant GM and director of Canadian scouting with the Blue Bombers.
6012	Prior to this advance, remotely manipulated chart projectors were commonly used to perform exams.
6013	• Prisoners routinely are denied medication, ignored by guards, and use the rats that infest the building as currency to obtain goods and services.
6014	Private tutors can assign homework to them, so that they can spend their time in a more meaningful way.
6015	Probably not as long as it took Gasper to roll those pennies, nickles, dimes and quarters.
6016	Probably will soon need a force field around our ships, or a cloaking device!
6017	Probably won't be a HUGE event but for those of us who have walked by that space for years and took for granted that those trees would always be there it might be cool to say goodbye.
6018	Producers of the stage musical confirmed on Sunday that Rocky will hit Manhattan's Winter Garden Theatre for previews beginning in February 2014.
6019	Production and employment also declined.
6020	Prof Masunungure said MDC-T lost both its passive and active supporters.
6021	Prof Mitchell, the head of economic modelling and forecasting at Warwick Business School, used house price and incomes data from the UK's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
6022	Progressives must be willing to reform programs such as Social Security, precisely because they are so important.
6023	Pro-Kurdish BDP party supporters …
6024	Property managers and owners may want to consider improving their real estate's marketability to capitalize on these growing trends," Paul R. Steinfurth concludes.
6025	Prosecutors alleged that Kercher was the victim of a drug-fuelled sexual assault.
6026	Prosecutors allege Pollard was the driver of a car that came to Jashayla's school on Tuesday.
6027	Prosecutors allege Wallin received shipments of methamphetamine from people in California and say an undercover officer purchased the drug from him on six occasions between September 2012 and January 2013.
6028	Prosecutors have filled the courtroom with Gosnell's office equipment, including a seemingly ancient ultrasound machine, a busted defibrillator and a ripped, aging examining table.
6029	Prosecutors in the Gulf coast state of Veracruz say the sentence against Jorge Silva Hernandez shows the government takes journalists' killings seriously.
6030	Prosecutors look for evidence of injuries, though they don't always occur because sexual battery can happen through coercion as well as physical force, she said.
6031	Protecting critical infrastructure in the US also is outlined in the document.
6032	Protests have been taking place every day since the brutal gang rape with protesters expressing anger over attitudes to women in India and calling for changes to the laws on violence against women.
6033	Proud to be the official limo service for the 2013 Miss Minnesota Pageant, Glidden gives the red-carpet treatment to all of its guests.
6034	Provisions, however, may change for the coming year.
6035	Provisions of the law provide funding for the National Health Service Corp and the Ready Reserve Corp. These groups are responsible for responding to bioterrorist and mass casualty events.
6036	Pryor will start over Matt Flynn.
6037	PSA Peugeot Citroen is discussing hiring former Renault SA chief operating officer Carlos Tavares to replace Philippe Varin as chief executive officer at the French manufacturer, two people familiar with the matter said.
6038	P.s. John baner and the republicans are sellouts to america just like the democraps.
6039	Public debt charges rose by $106 million to $5.4 billion because of higher consumer price index adjustments on real return bonds.
6040	Public demonstrations are the best way to get the public's attention.
6041	Public safety-net programs such as the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program (commonly known as "food stamps") and Medicaid are crucial programs for alleviating poverty and promoting economic security in the United States.
6042	Puck Custom Enterprises, founded in the late 1970s by Ben Puck, performs an essential function of agriculture: manure handling and application.
6043	Puig ended up 3 for 13 against the Giants and 4 for 16 in a series two weeks earlier against the Padres, who had also played against him before.
6044	Pure Youth Construction began the Super Basketball League (SBL) preseason on a high note with an 81-70 triumph over Bank of Taiwan at the National Taiwan University of Science and Technology Gymnasium in Greater Taichung last night.
6045	Put another way: I’m not above crowdsurfing.
6046	Putin's announcement came a day after Russian lawmakers backed a sweeping amnesty law.
6047	Put very simply: No one knows exactly what will happen if the nation's borrowing limit doesn't rise.
6048	Pyongyang announced in April that it is restarting a plutonium-producing reactor it shuttered at Nyongybyon in 2007 as part of international disarmament talks, a process that experts back then said could vary from three months to a year.
6049	Q: Are gun stocks good investments now that the government is trying to limit weapons?
6050	Q: Does the issue of consumers cutting back or dropping pay-TV services factor into day-to-day dealings at Univision?
6051	Q: Looking back, is there anything you’d do differently?
6052	Quarterback Cullen LaVoi led the Cavaliers (2-9, 2-7), throwing for 345 yards and three touchdowns on 24-of-45 passing.
6053	QUESTION: -- that you circulate it to everybody tomorrow or over the weekend?
6054	Question: What is your perception of Rwanda's trade and industry sector?
6055	Quick get a flyswatter and nail it.
6056	Quit smoking, eat healthy and be active so doctors don't have to give you a tablet that may have some side effects," he said.
6057	Q: Well, but more on the issue of kind of the content that will come out now of the feed, will there be some kind of approval process?
6058	Q: You say that nine out of 10 people who become addicted began using before 18, and if you get to 21 without ever using, it's certain you never will.
6059	Racism lives in the hearts of people.
6060	Radionova, the junior Grand Prix Final champion, jumped to the top of the podium after being fifth in the short program.
6061	RAILRIDERS FOURTH: J.R. Murphy reached on strikeout wild pitch.
6062	Raines was fifth in BBWAA balloting with 297 votes (52.2 percent), well short of the 75 percent required for induction.
6063	Rain has never stopped me from partying.
6064	Rajapakse suggested on Friday that Pillay had pre-judged Sri Lanka even before she had written her report into her visit.
6065	Rajoy is negotiating a new formula for calculating pension payoffs, which he can sell at home as a gradual tweaking of the system and in Brussels as something that will be more impactful in the long-run.
6066	Rajoy said that for the moment, Spain would not join Berlin and Paris in this effort and reiterated that intelligence issues were the responsibility of national governments, not the EU.
6067	RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) Carey Price held off Carolina and his offense got the key goals in the third period for the win.
6068	Rally participants will gather near Union Station at noon before walking a short distance to the reflecting pool in front of Congress.
6069	Ralston gained notoriety in 2003 when he cut off his own forearm, five days after it became pinned by a dislodged boulder in a Utah canyon.
6070	Ramon Zürcher’s debut feature is one of the most striking debuts from the festival; a brief film that feels modest in scale but is bubbling over in audacity and originality.
6071	Ranged against him are a royalist establishment that feels threatened by his rise plus, in the past, the military.
6072	RANGER - A Lincoln County man remained in jail, early this week, on multiple felony charges for a Friday, November 22, 2013 incident in Ranger.
6073	Rangers President Nolan Ryan, who also played and worked for the Houston Astros, had publicly expressed his team's interest in Berkman.
6074	Ratey said short brain breaks are “better than nothing,” but that ideally students should be getting an hour a day of physical activity.
6075	Rather it's the subconscious element of our culture that looks at a black corpse and quietly puts it, instead of the perpetrator, on trial.
6076	"Raw materials are not always a good resource for economic development.
6077	Raymond Bassett says it is important to keep a strong relationship between Ireland and Canada.
6078	RBC's internal procedures require monthly account reviews.
6079	Reading the government's statement on the bomb blast, Mr Lukuvi expressed deep concern over the tragedy in which three people were killed and 70 others injured after unknown people threw a hand grenade at a rally staged by Chadema on Saturday.
6080	Reading to your kids is one of those vegetables of motherhood.
6081	Read on to find out how Julee learned to accept what she's got on top, then scroll down to see her curly hair evolution.
6082	READ: Opinion: What has happened to Pussy Riot's Nadya?
6083	Really, it was very selfish.
6084	Real transit systems use electric buses so that traffic flow is increased instead of decreased when a stupid street car has to stop a few lanes of traffic every time it stops!
6085	Reason to visit: Smoked seafood dip, poke, fish tacos, grilled fresh fish.
6086	Receiving a surprisingly lukewarm response was Republican Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey.
6087	Recent fighting has focused on the Ifoghas mountain range in northern Mali.
6088	Recently I went to the Dodge County Hospital on an emergency basis.
6089	Recently, much attention has also been paid to the so-called backlash — the inflammatory comments made by religious and other figures, not least by a lawyer for one of the accused — about the culpability of women who get raped.
6090	Recordings released by the Sheriff's Office play intense threats from Alexander.
6091	Records also show a two-man crew is often assigned to the docked boat, and 24/7 staffing occurs at other times.
6092	Recruits buy in with Alabama's blueprint just as they did with the Hurricanes' a decade-plus ago.
6093	Rector said she knows the salary puts "Kanawha County in a competitive place, but" the pay increase Duerring will see "is pretty hefty in this economy."
6094	Reframing the idea of ‘coming out’ to ‘inviting in’
6095	Refugees are also reminded that in line with relevant Conventions and Protocols, the UNHCR is mandated to lead and co-ordinate international actions to protect refugees and resolve refugee problems.
6096	Regardless of motive, the moral of the Edison story is that handing money over to an autonomous private company makes it hard to track, and even harder to enforce its sensible use.
6097	Regina dipped below -10 Monday morning and crept up to 0 C later in the day.
6098	Regina handed Saskatoon their only loss earlier this season.
6099	Regularly priced tickets are $35 for adults and $30 for children 12 years old and younger and seniors 65 years old and older, though family pack and multiple-day discounts are available.
6100	Regulations for exploitation are aimed to be completed by 2016.
6101	Reilly, who could not be reached for comment, noted in his letter that allowing two buildings on the parcel “was a decision made 39 years ago, when the immediate neighborhood was grossly under-developed and lacked the mixed-uses and density” of today.
6102	Reishman, who has served about 13 years on council, is chairman of the Finance Committee.
6103	Relative to other people doing these jobs his pay has been modest".
6104	Reluctant to saddle himself or his children with loans, the 55-year-old product development manager from Kansas City, Mo., tapped another source: his retirement savings.
6105	Rely on rules you were taught long ago.
6106	Re/Max says the biggest demand is from established farm operators who want to expand.
6107	Remember how the Nazis controlled the people?
6108	Remember next time you're out, to smile, laugh and mostly - have fun!
6109	Remove all of the foreign material (grass, sticks, rocks) from the samples and mix them all together in a clean container.
6110	Remove his sex organs, he is a priest, he is not supposed to use them anyway.
6111	RENTON — A day after Percy Harvin made his electrifying Seahawks debut Nov. 17 against the Vikings, Seattle coach Pete Carroll said the receiver would now be ready for anything the team asked of him.
6112	RENTON — Coming up to make a tackle in his first exhibition game, Atlanta Falcons cornerback Desmond Trufant zipped toward the flat where Cincinnati tight end Jermaine Gresham waited.
6113	Repeal the Authorization for Use of Military Force Law - NYTimes.
6114	Rep. Earl Blumenauer, D-Ore., is one of the politicians working to address shortcomings in the SIV program.
6115	Repix, the app that lets users “remix” their photos using photo editing and paint tools, should find an excited audience in those who find Instagram a bit too stifling.
6116	Replay is in the former Buck's space at 3439 North Halsted, and has a cocktail menu curated by Elixer, 24 craft beer lines and a whole ton of vintage arcade games.
6117	Replying to a question about the number of aircraft the company has in its fleet, the Minister explained that these are issues which will be decided by the Board in cooperation and coordination with company technocrats.
6118	Report of a fight at Walmart in the garden center on Morgantown Rd.
6119	Reports have long suggested Amazon is working on a smartphone.
6120	Reports of an ethics settlement over some money he had to repay to the Parks Foundation surfaced anew.
6121	Representing Rwanda is Sandra Teta, a 21-year-old Law student from Kigali Independent University (ULK).
6122	Republican leaders have planned to push for budget cuts when Congress next votes on raising the federal debt ceiling.
6123	Republicans, led by Darrell Issa, are demanding layoffs and service cuts.
6124	Republicans, Navarro argued Sunday, were moving in the same direction.
6125	Republicans seem poised to continue to press the issue, though.
6126	Republican Steve Daines beat Democratic State Senator Kim Gillan for the seat in November.
6127	Request for comment emailed to Shocked and her manager were not immediately returned.
6128	Requests also may be faxed to 843-488-6779 or emailed to sjohnson@horrycountyschools.
6129	Researchers at the University of Michigan have created a stretchy conductive material out of gold nanoparticles and polyurethane that holds promise for use in flexible electronic devices.
6130	Researchers had subjects share their opinions on contentious issues, such as affirmative action and assisted suicide, then watch recorded talks by a speaker on those same topics.
6131	Researchers have speculated that the sharks use their tails for hunting, and have observed some tail-smacking behavior in controlled environments.
6132	Researchers led by Elise Robinson of Harvard Medical School decided to investigate the latter, and determine whether there might be something about being female that protected girls from the the developmental disorder.
6133	Researchers will use data from CPS-3 to build on evidence from those earlier cancer prevention studies, which began in the 1950s and involved hundreds of thousands of volunteer participants.
6134	Research is done to answer a question.
6135	Residents displaced by simmering tensions began returning to the border region, convinced the ICJ verdict will restore peace, according to Thailand's The Nation newspaper.
6136	Residents will be given economic stakes in this prospective tourist site, Lashari says.
6137	Respect the game, bro.
6138	Rest in peace Mr. Gann.
6139	Result, kid now doesn't want to sleep in room where someone died.
6140	Retail giants favor a new tax regime to make things a bit easier for themselves.
6141	Reuters/Reuters - A visitor to the Olympic Park reads a G4S notice stuck to a window at the Aquatics centre, in the Olympic Park, in Stratford, east London, July 17, 2012.
6142	Reuters/Reuters - Members of the mining community look on as they are addressed by their leaders during a strike at Lonmin's Marikana platinum mine in Rustenburg, 100 km (62 miles) northwest of Johannesburg, …more May 15, 2013.
6143	Reuters/Reuters - The executive offices of Smithfield Foods are seen in Smithfield, Virginia May 30, 2013.
6144	Revenue at stores opened at least a year, a key metric because it strips out the volatility of newly opened and closed locations, was up 3.5 percent.
6145	Revenue last year was estimated at $1.9 billion to $2.3 billion.
6146	Rev. Julius Scruggs, second from left, leads people in prayer during a wreath laying ceremony at the …
6147	RG3 then drove the Redskins to the Eagles 18 before his pass off his back foot was intercepted by Brandon Boykin.
6148	Rhinos Rugby Football Club are set to organise an end of academic year Rugby tournament for six lower basic schools, according to its President Ngagne Demba Sarr.
6149	Rhonda Wooten, who is already employed at the BOC office, sat Monday in Cox’s old seat.
6150	Rich Lowry is editor of the National Review.
6151	Rick Porcello tossed seven strong innings and Prince Fielder hit a two-run double to help the Detroit Tigers take a 4-0 win over the Minnesota Twins in the opener of a three-game set.
6152	" Rick Porter, owner of Normandy Invasion, said with a laugh.
6153	Riddick is quicker than the other two.
6154	Riders will compete again on Saturday to win a spot in the national collegiate rodeo competition.
6155	Right now, it's about getting to know these guys and allow them to understand me and let me lead them."
6156	"Right now we're focused on planting, and we're having a late spring," Anderson said, referring to concerns about cold weather slowing the start of U.S. planting.
6157	Rights groups say that despite a constitutional guarantee of freedom of belief, the government exercises tight control, especially over Tibetans, Uighur Muslims in Xinjiang and Christians, many of whom worship in underground churches.
6158	Rikki Wills is subject to a year of community control -- a form of house arrest -- and five years of probation, Ninth Judicial Circuit Court Judge Donald Myers, Jr., ruled.
6159	RIP and many blessings are being sent to all the grieving families.
6160	RIP Dustin Finney, killed by a hit-and-run driver.
6161	RIP Ms. Page I had many favourites of yours but the best was Old Cape Cod.
6162	Rising South African star Cassper Nyovest will drop some serious beats on this Sunday's live Big Brother: The Chase Eviction Show, as the continent waits to see which housemates will be heading home.
6163	Rivas said she and her boyfriend tried to get her son help Monday for his mental health problems.
6164	Riverside High's basketball coaches were suspended and, after the Warriors' game with Woodrow Wilson, no players were "made available to the press."
6165	Rivers, who in nine seasons with the Celtics compiled a 416-305 record and led the team to a record 17th NBA title in 2008 with another trip to the NBA Finals two years later, had three more years worth $21 million remaining on his Boston contract.
6166	RNC Chair Reince Priebus, whose “Growth and Opportunity Project” released last month recommended that the GOP be more “inclusive and welcoming,” wrote an op-ed in Red State blasting Planned Parenthood and accusing it of supporting “infanticide.”
6167	Robbers dressed as police and armed with machineguns stole 120 parcels of diamonds from the runway of Brussels airport without firing a shot.
6168	Roberts and other UMW officials said they would not talk about details of the settlement until union members have a chance to learn about its terms.
6169	Robert Sheahan, Goodman's attorney, says his client's ordeal included the trauma of finding her spouse dead, and having the grieving period curtailed by being arrested, and thrown in a jail he describes as "a veritable dungeon."
6170	Robinson is not sure how the U.S. courts will rule.
6171	Robinson now has 212.
6172	Rodgers didn’t let up after the Packers took a 17-3 halftime lead.
6173	Rodriguez is scheduled for a preliminary hearing Tuesday for alleged multiple sex crimes against women looking to join the military.
6174	Rodriguez’s punishment was scheduled to begin Thursday, but he is allowed to keep playing until the grievance is heard by arbitrator Fredric Horowitz.
6175	Rodriguez: When and where will you be appearing next in Seattle?
6176	Roenicke was at the ballpark for the night game against the Chicago Cubs.
6177	Rogers said it appeared most of protesters were from out-of-town, and that he saw only one other Wetzel Countian.
6178	Rogovin was released with a future court appearance.
6179	Rohani was convicted for the sexual assault in B.C. Supreme Court in July 2010 and sentenced to a year in jail.
6180	Rolling Plains: Much-needed rainfall fell across parts of the region, with amounts ranging from 1.5 to 3.5 inches.
6181	Roman Abramovich rarely looks happy, but his drowsy demeanour was another ominous sign after his dressing room visit on Wednesday.
6182	Romania's public diplomats will need to work on this.
6183	ROME (AP) — An Italian court accused ex-Premier Silvio Berlusconi and his lawyers on Friday of tampering with evidence by paying off witnesses in a trial related to his notorious "bunga bunga" parties.
6184	ROME (AP) — Sergio Loro Piana, who helped build a six-generation, family-run textile firm into the eponymous luxury brand recently bought by French conglomerate LVMH, has died at age 65.
6185	Romney further chalked up the move to a political ploy.
6186	Romo's 7-yard pass to Harris answered an 11-yard touchdown by Adrian Peterson that had given Minnesota a 23-20 lead.
6187	Romo, though, is absorbing another blemish on his big-moment record because his sense of judgment cost his team when it needed him to come through.
6188	Rookie Devonte Holloman's 75-yard interception return with a tipped pass keyed the Cowboys' 24-20 victory over the Miami Dolphins in the Hall of Fame game Sunday night that opened the NFL's preseason.
6189	Rooting out corruption will allow for social and economic recovery”
6190	Ross said the wolf did suddenly attack the woman, and he saw her put her arms up to block the attack.
6191	Ross, who had 44 goals and 46 assists in 61 games last season for Saginaw of the Ontario Hockey League, cut back on his frequent texts to Saad during the playoffs.
6192	Roster question: Can the Canadians find room for NHL scoring champion Martin St. Louis?
6193	Round two is only weeks away when the Treasury is scheduled to reach the limit of its borrowing authority, at which time we must confront and correct our spending problem.
6194	Royal officials said Prince William and his wife, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, arrived by car without a police escort at St. Mary's Hospital in London just before 6 a.m. Monday.
6195	Roy Hibbert, your suspension will come down tomorrow.
6196	"Rudi Garcia (who has joined Roma from Lille) is another one in that mold.
6197	Rule 2,. see rule 1.If the government had issue with the dude you don't think the would send a drone out looking for him?
6198	Rule was released following the interview, and then evaded investigators when they attempted to continue their work.
6199	Rushere township was a cluster of three shops in 1966, when my colleague Mwesigwa Black and myself were engaged in the anti-nomadism campaign.
6200	Rush or Glenn has enlightened your thoughts.
6201	Russia, an ally of Assad, is sending the naval landing ship Nikolai Filchenkov to the eastern Mediterranean, state news agency Interfax quoted a navy source as saying on Friday.
6202	Russia decriminalized homosexuality in 1993, but anti-gay sentiment remains high.
6203	Russia's intelligence service, known as the FSB, told the Americans that he had become a follower of radical Islam.
6204	Russia’s law, which passed 436-0 (don’t they have a slaughter rule?
6205	Russia voiced cautious optimism over the new leadership.
6206	Rwanda Athletics Federation (RAF) has confirmed the participation of James Sugira in the Under-17 World Championships scheduled for July 10-14 in Donyetsk, Ukraine.
6207	Rwanda: The Beauty and the Beasts At Kigaliup!
6208	Ryan Gosling plays Julian, a drug smuggler, in the violent crime drama 'Only God Forgives.'
6209	Ryan McInerney, the bank's head of consumer banking, said in a statement that the bank intended to protect customers from "unfair and aggressive collections practices."
6210	Saad said his celebration move wasn’t premeditated.
6211	Saban has said he is too old “to go someplace else and start over.”
6212	Sadly, it's not going to happen for him unless he gets very lucky with a trade to a contender or is willing to pull a Gary Payton and play in Miami for the minimum when his contract comes to an end.
6213	Sadly, there are no do-overs when it comes to brain injuries.
6214	Sadly, though, current AT&T iPhone 5 handsets, model A1428 (GSM), are locked down by the carrier and will not connect to T-Mobile's flavor of 4G LTE even though the device's hardware is capable of doing so.
6215	Safeway on Alabama Ave initially objected to Groceries being sold at Walmart, but through loopholes it was legal for Walmart to proceed.
6216	Sager and his colleagues suggest that pulses of magma created the volcanic trail.
6217	Said Dr. Pajibo: "Infact we frown on it (go-slow) at the beginning.
6218	Saint Declan's Well took the spaces formerly occupied by Trophy Bikes and Ajia at 3131 Walnut St. (215-883-0965).
6219	Saleh said that international inaction after alleged chemical weapons attacks by Syrian government forces earlier in the conflict had emboldened President Bashar al-Assad.
6220	Salesforce Marketing Cloud, with operations in New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, has confirmed it is cutting another 200 jobs, after the social media monitoring company shed more than 100 jobs last fall.
6221	Sales volumes in household goods stores grew by 3%.
6222	Sally Ride passed away on July 23, 2012 from pancreatic cancer.
6223	Salt Lake City is all Mormon.
6224	Salzmann says anger and discontent at the Erdogan's AKP government have been "going on for a long time now."
6225	Same as with double bombs at abortion clinics or federal buildings.
6226	Same goes for the 35,000 motorists who now use Mercer.
6227	Same money - death by firing squad.
6228	Sampson testified that he "started getting all sweet" when they spotted the constable after he had forced her and the boys into the car.
6229	"Samsung is currently not in the iPad Mini and they won't be in the next generation.
6230	Samsung's not-quite-flagship plasma still delivers flagship-quality performance.
6231	Samsung won't have any problem.
6232	SAN ANTONIO -- It’s Spring Break for students and it’s “Spring Bark” over at Animal Care Services.
6233	San Antonio weathered the early run, closing the first quarter on a 14-8 run and took a 45-40 lead at the half.
6234	Sanchez helped the Jets reach the AFC Championship Game following the 2009 and 2010 seasons, but those Jets teams boasted stronger defenses and running games.
6235	Sandbeck has a "special relationship" with Harrington, Freshour said.
6236	• San Diego linebacker Melvin Ingram tore a ligament in his left knee during an organized team activity practice, seemingly putting his season in jeopardy.
6237	San Diego's former Mayor Bob Filner, a Democrat, made that a hallmark of his term, before he resigned amid sexual harassment allegations.
6238	SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Google's attorneys say their long-running practice of electronically scanning the contents of people's Gmail accounts to help sell ads is legal, and are asking a federal judge to dismiss a lawsuit that seeks to stop the practice.
6239	Santa Ana police released a sketch of the man wanted in the burglary reported Monday in the 500 block of North Lyon Street.
6240	Santa walked around the mall greeting kids, taking pictures, and taking requests for Christmas gifts.
6241	Santiago had one receiving touchdown, and scored three times on special teams, returning kickoffs or punts.
6242	Santos said he had ordered the deployment of up to 50,000 troops on the nation’s highways, which have been targeted with protests and blockages by striking farmworkers since Aug. 19.
6243	SAP's announcement didn't particularly emphasize one technology more than another, even though HANA has emerged as the focal point for all internal development efforts.
6244	Sarah Jegede-Toe and comprises Commissioners Davidetta Browne-Lansanah, Asumana Kromah and the Executive Director Designate of the Commission, Lamin Lighe.
6245	SARAH Nambawa has described her triple jump as terrible and disastrous, and one that she would like to forget fast after failing to improve on her personal best at the IAAF World Athletics Championships in Luzhiniki Stadium.
6246	Sarkozy himself was cleared in October in an investigation into suspicions that he had manipulated France's richest woman into financing his 2007 campaign, removing an obstacle to his return to national politics.
6247	Saskatchewan picked up a single on a punt but then a Durant fumble at the end of the third quarter set up Goltz's second touchdown of the game at the opening of the fourth to make it 24-13.
6248	SAT Artisan cheeses, cheesemakers, beer, wine, cider, noon-3 p.m. and 4-7 p.m. Saturday, Seattle Design Center, 5701 Sixth Ave. S., Seattle; $35-$40 (www.
6249	Satellites showed an 11% increase in foliage after adjusting data for precipitation.
6250	Saturday mail will continue according to the US Postal Service.
6251	Saturday's attacks come only a day after a deadly bombing at a Sunni mosque in Diyala that killed 22 people and wounded dozens of others.
6252	Saudi Arabian sovereign wealth fund Sanabil and the nation’s pension agency acquired 19 percent of ACWA Power International, a company that invests in power and water projects in the kingdom and regionally.
6253	Saunders fought the idea of going on the disabled list, but was likely to be sidelined for a couple of weeks recovering from the injury.
6254	Saying politicians have to go back to the people every five years to seek the mandate to continue serving; President Kenyatta said failure to deliver means being sent home.
6255	Saying that, it's going to be hard to do.'
6256	S. Barry Cooper, a University of Leeds mathematician who has written about Turing's work, said future generations would struggle to understand the code breaker's treatment.
6257	"Scandal" creator Shonda Rhimes, who's also behind ABC's long-running Thursday night hit "Grey's Anatomy," tweeted the renewal news for both shows.
6258	SCARBOROUGH -- Cassius Clark became the first two-time Pro All Stars Series North winner when he won the Southern Maine Motors 150 at Beech Ridge Motor Speedway on Saturday night.
6259	Schettino is expected to testify before the end of the year.
6260	Schimel wrote that, while the cause of the fire remains undetermined, there is no evidence that it was intentionally set.
6261	School division chair Mark Sefton said students, parents and teachers complained about the smell.
6262	Schools that use the calendar are in school during Westest time, he said.
6263	School teacher telling me I would never be anything in life, different people telling me I wouldn't make it to the NFL and look where I am now.
6264	Schuller holds a bachelor's degree in International studies from Ohio University.
6265	Scientists can't definitively link gulls to the whale deaths, and although malnutrition is also a possible culprit, hundreds of tissue-sample tests have yet to implicate toxins or disease.
6266	Scientists could gather far more data on solar flares, making space weather more predictable.
6267	Scientists have long been intrigued by the question of why primates have such big brains.
6268	Scores of NDC supporters were said to have thronged the premises of the Regional Police Command when news of the arrest of Mijinma broke out on Tuesday, lending credence to the suspect's affiliation with the ruling party.
6269	Scores of UNZA students marched peacefully along the great east road in protest against the government decision, bu Kamba and Sunday Chanda had been condemning the students for airing their views.
6270	Scorpio (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Today is a 9 -- Handle financial matters.
6271	Scott Forstall was fired.
6272	"Scott is great source reporter and storyteller who knows the Central Valley and its important issues," said AP West Editor Traci Carl, who oversees news for 13 states.
6273	Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson MSP said: "Helen was a committed parliamentarian and a true servant to her constituents in Fife.
6274	Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond tells a parliamentary debate that voters should grab the opportunity of independence with "both hands".
6275	Scott London, former KPMG auditor, left, and his attorney, Harland Braun leave Los Angeles Federal Court on Thursday, April 11, 2013.
6276	Scott Pelley has revealed himself to be a traditionalist at "CBS Evening News," leading a show weighty with significant national and international events.
6277	Screens aplenty are at Goal, so you can catch the big fight or some NCAA play.
6278	Screens Saturday, October 12 at midnight.
6279	Seacat told the jurors about the day he was served with divorce papers.
6280	Seahawks-49ers is the NFL rivalry for the Sharknado era.
6281	Seahawks fullback Michael Robinson, among the players cut when the roster was reduced to 53 before the season opener, is back with the team.
6282	Seahaws DE Michael Bennett, who left Tampa for Seattle, was diagnosed with torn rotator cuff.
6283	Sean's girlfriend, Jordyn Jarvis, has stood by her man through it all.
6284	Search dogs located him.
6285	Season One was just a warm up for what we have in store for season two.
6286	Seattle (6-1) has already matched last season's total for road wins (3) after a 34-22 victory at Arizona last Thursday.
6287	SEATTLE (AP) - Aerospace company Boeing will move its Seattle-area flight training operations to Miami, starting with two 787 flight simulators.
6288	Seattle Children's Hospital is the first in the country to open a cancer unit just for teens and young adults.
6289	Seattle City Attorney Pete Holmes said his office gave to police emails, financial documents, meeting notes and other records that show possible criminal conduct.
6290	Seattle go after the bobcats and leave us the hell alone!
6291	Seattleites could be losing shut-eye because they’re pulling long hours at Seattle-based companies like Amazon and Getty Images, or perhaps because they’re just stressed.
6292	Seattle police spokesman Sgt. Sean Whitcomb said the gunman then jumped back into the car and the driver, a man about the same age, raced off northbound on 27th Avenue Northeast.
6293	SEATTLE (Reuters) - Marijuana legalization activists hope Alaska and Oregon will become the next two states to put recreational use of the drug before the voters, perhaps as early as next year.
6294	Seattle Seahawks running back Marshawn Lynch tumbles in the end zone for a touchdown during the second half of an NFL wild card playoff football game against the Washington Redskins in Landover, Md., Sunday, Jan. 6, 2013.
6295	Seattle's local taxi union has called on city leaders to step in and "protect" Seattle's tourism industry, seemingly from more efficient and less costly service.
6296	Seattle Times assistant metro editor John de Leon, a recent reader, says Beevor does a masterful job of tracing Stalin’s manipulation of Churchill and Roosevelt in the service of gobbling up Eastern Europe.
6297	Second, if anyone is going to ride a bike, they already have one.
6298	Second, if you do not provide Gen X and Gen Y with subsidized content, they're just going to resort to piracy.
6299	Secondly and equally important, given low adoption of improved crops by smallholder farmers in most countries, GMO crops are unlikely to impact Africa food security in the near future given low marginal yield gains over conventionally bred seeds.
6300	Security analysts have described the region as a haven for various factions of Afghan and Pakistani Taliban and al Qaeda militants, and it has been targeted frequently by suspected U.S. drones for years.
6301	Security forces have been on high alert in the city since a brazen daylight attack on the defence ministry's sprawling headquarters on December 5 killed 56 people, among them expatriate medical staff.
6302	Security sector reform (SSR) in the Congo, for example, has failed for many years because President Kabila was not interested in it.
6303	Seems to me like a good reason to remove them from our society.
6304	Seen is the Senior Solution section of the Wayne YMCA library dedicated to issues surrounding senior citizens.
6305	Seen was treated at Roane General and later at Charleston Area Medical Center's General Hospital.
6306	Seibeb has once again been invited to attend a three-month cycling camp at the centre and depending on his progress, he too, could be offered a contract to join the UCI African team.
6307	Selenski scored the first goal in a 3-1 win over Spain on June 29. She forced a penalty corner 25 minutes into the game then scored on that corner.
6308	Selfridges Who's excited to see The Great Gatsby?
6309	Selling it in the future makes you more than having your money sit in a bank.
6310	Semaan said that he and his fellow priests refused to contemplate the extinction of the Christian community in Iraq, despite its falling numbers.
6311	Sen. Al Melvin said Monday he's formed an exploratory committee for a run using public financing.
6312	Senate Bill 5732, and House Bill 1522 would ease the crisis by funding more psychiatric beds.
6313	Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid appointed Goodwin to a two-year term on the U.S. China Economic and Security Review Commission in late 2011, after Manchin and Rockefeller nominated him for the post.
6314	Senate Majority Leader John Unger, the Berkeley County Democrat who sponsored the measure, said it was the first such rifle adopted by the U.S. Army.
6315	Senate President Andy Biggs has also voiced opposition to the plan that is a signature part of President Barack Obama's health care overhaul law.
6316	Senate President Pro Tempore Donald Williams, a Democrat, opened the debate with a remembrance of the victims of the Dec. 14 Sandy Hook shooting.
6317	Senate Pro-temp Gbehzohgar Findley has assured Liberians of the legislature's commitment to expose and recommend prosecution for officials of government guilty of corruption.
6318	Senator Patty Murray added her concern for Boeing and Boeing workers if they fail to work out a deal.
6319	Senators are allowed to claim expenses while they are away from home in Ottawa.
6320	Send it to me.”
6321	Send the kids home, put the mother in jail for a few years and execute the father.
6322	Seniors can enjoy the first Friday night of the school year with drinks and friends on the Georgetown Waterfront.
6323	Separately, the family hopes to sell a letter Crick wrote in 1953 to his then-12-year-old son Michael, who is Kindra's father, describing the discovery's meaning.
6324	September 26, 1986 - Sworn into office.
6325	Sergio Pininfarina, who began his Ferrari work in 1952 and died last July, was the son of the design house’s founder, Battista “Pinin” Farina.
6326	Served with a lusty red wine or a beer, they're definitely for grown-ups.
6327	Setoguchi opened the scoring 2:04 into the game when he swept in a shot from the bottom of the right circle for his 10th goal.
6328	Seven (bodies) are (so) charred, we can't identify them."
6329	Seven people were hurt in a collision in West Seattle on Sunday afternoon.
6330	Seven players from LSU's 2012 unit were selected in the NFL draft.
6331	Seventy five percent of people living with HIV either don't know they are infected, are not in care or are in sub-optimal care.
6332	Several current and former ministers were among the 12 people charged.
6333	Several dozen Canadian productions are in the running for Webbys, including nominations for ad agency DDB Canada, digital design firm Teehan+Lax and Radio Canada International's web series Democracy and Religions: From One Prayer to Another.
6334	Several familiar troubles continued to resurface for the Sabres, who have been hurt by slow starts, giveaways and lethargic play.
6335	Several hundred thousand tattoo and body art enthusiasts are expected to attended the threr day event.
6336	Several Islamists leaders are also well-known Tuareg tribesmen, particularly in the Ansar Dine group.
6337	Several people remained hospitalized Wednesday.
6338	Several Republicans, like Rep. Tom Price, R-Ga., called for Congress to examine mental health care in the United States as a part of their review of how to prevent future violence.
6339	Several riot vehicles are still on standby in Taksim - a sign that police have no intention of abandoning the square they stormed on Tuesday - though crowds gathered there once more on Thursday evening.
6340	Several singers, notably Richard Hobson, Frank Poretta, Emmanuel di Villarosa, James Valenti and Irina Rindzuner of the Metropolitan Opera, started their road to success by performing in Verismo Opera productions.
6341	Several years ago, he watched a news program about a college marching band.
6342	"Sexual assault is a stain on the honor of millions of military men and women, a threat to the discipline and the cohesion of our force, and we will not allow this to stand," Hagel said.
6343	SF Appeal notes, "The hit-and-run collision was reported shortly before 11 a.m. at Seventh and Brannan."
6344	SF Weekly: There’s a new grocery delivery service in the Bay Area.
6345	Sgt. Pete Simpson said an officer tried to stop a Mercedes 190 sedan in Northeast Portland after seeing the car speeding down a street just before 12 a.m.
6346	Sgt. Steve French from LCSO said they needed a place to put the aircraft.
6347	Shaker students will wear green, and Shenendehowa students will wear blue in solidarity over the anniversary of the crash.
6348	Shakhtar Donetsk have said Henrikh Mkhitaryan has failed to report to their pre-season training camp in Austria, as the 24-year-old Armenian apparently digs his heels in over a £23m move to the Reds.
6349	Shame on Congress for failing to act, but that's no excuse for companies like Starbucks to fail to lead.
6350	" Shane Gill, a 33-year-old teacher who owes $45,000 in federal student loans, told the Times.
6351	SHANGHAI (AP) - Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano chipped in for birdie on the tough 17th hole and hung on to win the BMW Masters.
6352	SHANNON, Ireland (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry flies to Oman on Tuesday for Raytheon Co's signing of an estimated $2.1 billion arms deal and to consult on Syria and Iran, U.S. officials said.
6353	SHA operates 142 long-term critical care beds and 177 skilled nursing beds within the District of Columbia.
6354	Shaq Thompson to stay at linebacker after successful switch as a freshman.
6355	Sharapova next coming up on title defenses in Rome and Roland Garros.
6356	Shares in Shanghai closed up 2.41 percent.
6357	Shares in Tesco, down 12 percent over the last three months, were down 0.7 percent at 331.7 pence, valuing the business at about 27 billion pounds.
6358	Shares opened at $19 per share on the NYSE this morning and were trading at $17.75, up $3.75 or 26.79% from the offering price.
6359	Sharon Stone is ready for a close-up at Cannes.
6360	Sharp is the only panel maker in the world to have built a tenth generation factory able to fabricate liquid crystal sandwiched in glass sheets thinner than a credit card that are 3.13 meters long by 2.88 meters wide.
6361	Sharp's shares rose 2.8 percent on Friday morning.
6362	Shaw added 17 points despite battling foul trouble throughout in limited minutes.
6363	She added: “We would like to thank the team at Earl Street for all their hard work and wish them well.”
6364	Shea Homes San Diego has five new home communities in the construction pipeline, scheduled to roll out later this year and continue through spring 2014.
6365	She also loved our miniature Schnauzer "Snickers."
6366	She also said her mother had spent 4½ years of her childhood in foster care.
6367	She also spoke about the need to focus on educational rights of children all over the world.
6368	She and a friend would visit local beaches and other quiet places, often bringing projects to work on.
6369	She asked and the driver lowered the ramp to help her board the bus.
6370	She barely speaks the language.
6371	She became a civil servant in 2006, then joined the foreign service in 2008.
6372	She can't remember how her 24-year-old son was told his sister was dead.
6373	She checked out 84 minutes after booking.
6374	She clearly has a huge amount of potential to be a star for a long time.
6375	She could not, however, clarify whether he resigned or was formally terminated, citing government-wide employment privacy policies.
6376	She described how Workman had stolen credit cards, but that she had been able to put a stop on those cards.
6377	"She did a lot of researching about the area, about where she was going to stay, the safest places to go and the time of day to travel," friend Magalena Rodriguez said.
6378	She didn't know how she got there, or why.
6379	She didn't like the movie.
6380	She did surreptitious research online and went out at 2 a.m. on Black Friday to buy an Xbox.
6381	She died a short time later.
6382	She doesn't care what she looks like but you can rely on her.
6383	Sheehan’s husband used separate banking accounts and did not notice the substantial deposits, documents state.
6384	Sheehy said, “Just paid maternity leave would be an enormous thing.
6385	She encounters her first huge controversy at age 15 courtesy of Annie Leibovitz, posing in the June issue of Vanity Fair in photos where she appears to be topless, covered only by a sheet.
6386	She eventually spoke to the charity www.selfharm.co.uk about her problems and it has given permission for her story to be retold in this article.
6387	She finished with, "dear dad you are the pride of my life; you are the pride of this country.
6388	She followed it up with a fuzzy picture captioned, "last night was a blurrrrrrrrrrrrrrr thanks @katyperry for hosting."
6389	She further pointed out that the nation has acquired tangible experience that disability does not prevent from any activity through significantly raising participation of disabled children in education and other social activities.
6390	She got started in beekeeping a few years ago when she read an article about Colony Collapse Disorder.
6391	She had a partial scholarship as well.
6392	She had her driver's license, something that her older brother, who was born with special needs, so desperately wanted but will never get.
6393	She has lagged in polls with a projected 6 to 8 parliamentary seats.
6394	She has pleaded not guilty to first- and second-degree murder charges and to making false statements.
6395	She hopes to find out Tuesday when she can leave the country.
6396	Sheila Jones, a Detroiter who attended Wednesday's protest, said she often sat in the Grosse Point Park public safety department when she was waiting for transportation and noted that the officers always treated her kindly.
6397	She is a slapper, just like Cheryl Cole and sweet Denise!
6398	She is going to crash and burn.
6399	She is involved with each transaction from a banking perspective and helps manage the post transaction transitions.
6400	She is Michelle Bachman, not Bachmann.
6401	She is the coward that mowed over Lewis and Clark student Henry Schmidt and left him to die in the road.
6402	She knows the difference.
6403	She knows the most intimate details of his life.
6404	She learned the subject so well, Koplin said, she kept on winning even after the producers "threw the book" at her with tough questions aimed at eliminating her.
6405	She learned to weave at an early age, possibly on the loom her ancestors brought on a wagon when they settled here.
6406	She led the national security team during the campaign and the transition.
6407	She left behind two children.
6408	She let the dog out when she left the apartment, and didn’t see him take the animal a second time, she said.
6409	“She lived for her sons and her husband,” said Vicki Vega, 57, a longtime friend of Sierra’s mother.
6410	She’ll “at least receive a minimal challenge from someone for the nomination.
6411	She makes a really good point in this post: Finding a true romantic suspense movie (other than on cable TV) is a tough job.
6412	She married Jack Sund on Nov. 3, 1956, in Kingfisher.
6413	She never dated anyone else and in 2004, after they graduated from Community of Peace Academy, they were married.
6414	She previously earned a Theatre World Award and a Tony nomination for her Broadway debut work in the 1970 musical "Applause", in which she sang the title song.
6415	She returned after the Wall fell to become a leading East German politician and then a representative in the all-German parliament.
6416	She returned for a handful of episodes in 2009, then rejoined the cast in 2011.
6417	Sheriff's Homicide Bureau detectives were sent to investigate the shooting, which will also be investigated by the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office and the county Office of Independent Review, as is standard in such cases.
6418	Sheriff Wally Olsen said the man shot the bus driver when he refused to hand over a 6-year-old child.
6419	She rushed to the scene after hearing screaming, and said she saw that the youth was not wearing a helmet.
6420	She said court-martial cases should be left in the hands of "trained, professional, disinterested prosecutors."
6421	She said he'd lived next door to her in their tidy Southgate neighborhood for about nine years until he moved recently.
6422	She said it’s time to turn the page on her history with Sharapova.
6423	She said it was only by investing massively in youth programmes that a huge pool of good players will be made, adding that the national junior championships that started last night at Nkana and ends tomorrow was one such event.
6424	She said recent talks with American politicians are encouraging.
6425	She said she had lacked promised safety and other training.
6426	She said she isn't bitter about the delays in getting a murder warrant.
6427	She said she was told, “We have to make a choice about our language.”
6428	She said she would turn out about 150 garments an hour during a 12-hour shift, seven days a week.
6429	She said that in the last decade, the number of visitors to the center has doubled to more than 100,000 a year.
6430	She said that she had reached out to Islamic Funeral Services of Virginia, which is associated with the Islamic Society of Greater Richmond.
6431	She said the Gambian leader, President Jammeh, has taken the lead in the practice of aquaculture in his home village of Kanilai.
6432	She said the July 18 firing was "illegal and in contravention to the personnel policies of the Lincoln County Commission.
6433	She said the masked man then ran away and she called 911.
6434	"She said they had a clear-eyed view of the threats.
6435	She's also covered education, Iraq, and personal finance.
6436	She saw her stepmom as trying to replace her mother, and resented her.
6437	She says one of the carriers rang her bell to let her know, and she then called police.
6438	She says the video is a reminder that police abuse has continued while many have had their hands full focusing on lack of accountability for police killings over the past two years.
6439	She's good-natured about it, but her patience with what has been an already packed day of interviews, shoots and fittings is wearing thin.
6440	She shared her evenings with her husband, George Akerlof, a Nobel-winning economist, described by some simply as "a genius."
6441	She should go to jail.
6442	She's impressed by Holcomb's beauty and grace.
6443	She's no special person just because she killed three generations of her own family!”
6444	She's now become the face of stability (Laughs), which is kind of funny."
6445	She's one of those women that make being a woman difficult.
6446	"She's sharing hers right now, and I'll get my chance to share mine one day."
6447	She’s there to get a job done.
6448	“She taught me you’re more than the hand that’s given to you.”
6449	She tells him that the book is "about waiting.
6450	She told DW that she had been following football for many years.
6451	She told jurors that she didn't know the procedure violated church doctrine or that she could be fired for it.
6452	She took a cream pie right in the face and, in true Savannah style, slipped and fell.
6453	She trained developmentally disabled adults in vocational and living skills.
6454	She turns 45 in a week.
6455	She volunteered to help with many church dinners.
6456	She was 60 years old at the time.
6457	She was a faithful member of Bible Believers Fellowship.
6458	She was, after all, a writer.
6459	She was also recently diagnosed with an incurable chronic nerve condition.
6460	She was a member of Hebron Presbyterian Church and a lifelong member of Order of the Amaranth.
6461	She was an active member of the Bethany Baptist Church in Manila and was a northeast Arkansas representative for the Christian Motorcyclists Association.
6462	She was an avid fan of the Minnesota Twins, Vikings, and Iowa Hawkeyes.
6463	She was, and still is, successful and brilliant.
6464	"She was a pioneering leader for her contribution to peace and security, particularly at the height of the Cold War," he said.
6465	She was born in Urasoe, Okinawa.
6466	She was crying, shaking," Chrisman said.
6467	She was just kicking the process up to the policymaker level.
6468	She wasn't hurt, and was able to quickly find her mother.
6469	She was the daughter of the late Jessie and Bessie Plumley Stowers.
6470	She was the third officer in Guelph to die in the line of duty.
6471	She was walking on North Street.
6472	She will get what's due.
6473	She would chair the supervisory board of the new European-wide overseer that is being set up and is scheduled to start operating in early 2014.
6474	Shields, a fourth-year pro, was tendered at the second-round rate, meaning if he plays this season for the tender, he would make $2.02 million.
6475	Shortly after came news reports that unfairly put Syracuse in the same light as Jerry Sandusky-tainted Penn State by accusing longtime Boeheim assistant Bernie Fine of sexual abuse, and unfairly put Boeheim in the same light as Joe Paterno.
6476	Shortly after that I lost my job and relocated out of state near my fiancee's family and attempted on various occasions to contact my kids via phone and facebook.
6477	Shortly after we were married, he was deployed again with another unit while I remained back home.
6478	Should be your hint that I'm not flopping.
6479	"Should Men Wear Shorts Or Cronuts?"
6480	Should the Sounders change their shape?
6481	Should the U.S. play the Panama game on turf or grass?
6482	Showtime even followed the team around for a reality series, "The Franchise."
6483	Show us raw numbers.
6484	Shyne references infamous drug lords Alberto "Alpo" Martinez and Rich Porter to remind us there is no honor among thieves.
6485	Sibling bullying can leave lasting scars, study says - Video on NBCNews.
6486	Si-cology 1: Tales and Wisdom From Duck Dynasty's Favorite Uncle is No. 3, after making its debut at No. 2 last week.
6487	Side-scrolling running game Vector has players doing more than 100 Parkour-inspired moves to earn points and escape an oppressive society.
6488	Significant progress has been made in reducing child deaths by 40% from nearly 12 million deaths in 1990 to less than 7 million in 2011.
6489	Significant progress has been made in the 15 years since the U.S.-brokered Good Friday Accords, including a Catholic-Protestant government and the disarmament of the IRA and outlawed Protestant groups responsible for most of the 3,700 death toll.
6490	Sign up for the Kotter International Newsletter.
6491	Simien admittedly loved Spencer and enjoyed meeting all of those who welcomed him to town - kids and adults alike.
6492	Similar efforts are under way in other states, but not without controversy.
6493	Similar to the way native Americans were forced onto reservations, with brute force.
6494	Simply asking yourself what your goals are can help set you on the path to achieving them, says Bart Astor, author of "AARP Roadmap for the Rest of Your Life," which is aimed at the 50-plus crowd.
6495	Simply Audiobooks charges $17.98 to rent a single book at a time and $26.98 to grab two books at a time.
6496	"Simply look at all the facts, and not just the three that were treated as important 100 years ago."
6497	Simultaneously safety pins, badges, flags and black leather earned new identities on the backs of disgruntled youths.
6498	Since 1982, six years after the high court's order, Texas has executed 503 inmates.
6499	Since alcohol is legal,then so should marijuana be!
6500	Since American troops withdrew from Iraq without any status-of-forces agreement to keep them there, that building will probably go to waste, too.
6501	Since codependency attracts codependency in every relationship.
6502	Since I assume Stark is not radioactive, abnormally diminutive and a female member of a royal family, Baldwin was making a homophobic remark.
6503	Since Obama is determined to eliminate coal-produced electricity, why don't all coal-powered plants shut down for just one week and give him a taste of what the results will be?
6504	Since Ricky Martin came out in 2010, the pop icon, known for his flair on stage and hits such as "Livin' La Vida Loca" and.
6505	Since the 1980’s a pilgrimage to the shrine has been taking place on the first Sunday of May.
6506	Since the emergence of MP3s, we don't really have use for our Red Hot Chili Pepper CD anymore, and we definitely don't need a whole tower to display our collection.
6507	Since the IRS targeting of conservative groups became public, the White House's primary focus has been making clear that Obama had no advanced knowledge of the agency's actions or an independent audit of the activity.
6508	Since then, FILA has changed leadership and approved a series of rule changes to address the IOC's concerns and give the sport a chance to win back its place.
6509	Since then, other reports of fires have surfaced.
6510	Since the US pivot to Asia announced by US President Barack Obama’s administration is expected to clash with China’s “core interests,” Taiwan and China might have to modify their policies on relations between each other, Soong said.
6511	Since you work for your team, it’s your job to find out where your employees excel individually.
6512	"Sir, you better take a look at this."
6513	Sisters and doubles partners Venus Williams, left, and Serena Williams of the U.S. take on U.S. players Mallory Burdette and Nicole Gibbs during their women's doubles first-round match.
6514	Six days after my surgery, I left the hospital feeling like I had been given another chance.
6515	Six months after the Newtown shootings, the struggle for gun reform continues - Video on NBCNews.
6516	Six plays later, Greg Zuerlein’s 31-yard field go put New Orleans in a 17-0 hole.
6517	Six regional offices of the institution in Yeghegnadzor, Kapan, Gavar, Idjevan, Gyumri and Vanadzor have been successfully operating for already 1.5 year.
6518	Six Senate Democrats up for re-election next year have proposed delaying the new March 31 deadline for applying for coverage while the program's problems are ironed out.
6519	"Sixty Minutes II" broke the story a few months later, and "Abu Ghraib" soon took its place in the public consciousness, like the My Lai massacre in Vietnam, as a symbol of much that was wrong with an unpopular war.
6520	Skeptical-sounding federal judges on Thursday considered whether the public can see pictures of terror mastermind Osama bin Laden, taken after he had been shot dead by U.S. Navy SEALs in a raid on his hideout two years ago.
6521	• Skier Tina Maze of Slovenia won the World Cup season-ending slalom race in Lenzerheide, Switzerland.
6522	Skylights were placed to highlight the ark, the closet that holds the synagogue's Torah scrolls, as well as its "infinite" glass door and the Hebrew alphabet etched into it.
6523	Skyline overcame some early errors and a bad weather forecast and put together a third-inning rally in an 8-1 win Tuesday afternoon in a pre-district game at Huron High School.
6524	Slices range in price from $3.50 to $6 and you can also purchase an entire pie—they are big—for $30 to $45.
6525	Slick and free advertising.
6526	Slowly and steadily, they regained momentum and when overtime rolled around, they had Chicago reeling.
6527	Small businesses would need to hire computer consultants to integrate the software, train customer support and back-office staff, and handle audit questions from dozens of states, he said.
6528	Small vendors and trade unions in India may like to take a look at what happened in Germany while they chew on the Indian government's plans to allow foreign superstores to operate on the country's retail market.
6529	Small, with only a dozen or so tables, its décor is simple and calm, nicely conducive to an evening of conversation.
6530	Smart, a freshman who won back-to-back state titles at Flower Mound Marcus High School, had nine points, five assists and three steals — all categories in which he is among the Big 12 leaders.
6531	Smart hit a 3-pointer, then made a circus shot in the lane to start the second half.
6532	Smart move, Rollins said.
6533	Smartphones and tablets are fast becoming the way the world accesses the Internet, especially in fast-growing developing countries, so Google has had to respond.
6534	SmartWrap has been in the business of helping to brand small and mid-sized businesses since 2008.
6535	Smitherman said she would apply for an appointment “in a minute.”
6536	Smith had no turnovers in his debut, which was cut short when he rolled the ankle on a scramble in the third quarter.
6537	Smith led the NFC and was second in the NFL last season with 19.5 sacks.
6538	Smith, the 1972 champ, said the Eastern Europeans were given a pass.
6539	Smoke rises over a fence of a prison camp where jailed feminist punk band Pussy Riot member Maria Alekhina, unseen, serves her term, in the town of Berezniki, some 1500 km (940 miles) north-east of Moscow, Russia, on Wednesday, Jan. 16, 2013.
6540	Smoke rose from the eastern gate of the palace early Tuesday after more than a half dozen explosions and at least 45 minutes of on-and-off small arms fire.
6541	Snake1994: They have to suffer the consequences of their actions!
6542	Snapchat's claim to fame has always been that it shares images or short videos from one person to another, that disappear after viewing instead of living on in infamy (our early Tweets are a constant source of embarrassment).
6543	Snorkeling trips are recommended to view these social creatures.
6544	Snowden arrived in Russia on June 23 but has not been seen in public despite being believed to be in the airport's transit zone while bidding for asylum.
6545	So adding fatback gives the beans “seasoning” and salt.
6546	"So as far as I know, I haven't seen a single gay father on a television show.
6547	"So as long as we don't act to curb drug-trafficking, Guinea-Bissau will be condemned to regular power plays within the armed forces, with the spillover effects that result from it."
6548	So Benore spent Sunday plopping her right arm on tables in front of players, and making sure they signed anywhere except where her doctor will need to cut it off.
6549	Social Democrat party members will vote on the coalition agreement in the next few weeks.
6550	Social media companies, including Facebook and LinkedIn, have generated massive gains recently, rising 89% and 117% this year respectively.
6551	Social workers are rarely charged in connection with the death of a child under their supervision, said Doriane Coleman, an expert on children's law at Duke University Law School.
6552	So determined is the present administration to maintain the ban that it has either deluded itself or sought to delude others about the state of the law.
6553	So dod the royal line die out with him, or does Serbia intend to recognize its royal line again?
6554	So Dr. Phinizy headed up to the I.C.U. and tracked down Dr. Stanley Hum, the pediatric intensivist on call that day.
6555	So dust off the ol' fishing gear and spend a few hours dropping a line at the lake.
6556	So each of them has their own roles to play which are quite different from the other," Kakhobwe explained.
6557	So far about forty business and home owners have signed on and Hanlon is looking for more to participate.
6558	“So far in the playoffs I don’t think we’ve hit the ball to our ability yet,” he said.
6559	So far there hasn't been a tangible sign of frustration within the fan base.
6560	So he and the cititzens against the tax increase started this petition and gained 2,000 signatures.
6561	So he does find it incredible that he's found the perfect spot for HeartStrings Academy in a three-story structure reassembled with stones and logs dating from 1806.
6562	So here's hoping they can find something better for her character as the season progresses.
6563	So, his absence makes the work for NYC representatives here gradually impossible and in fact makes it a more serious case," he further remarked.
6564	So how much pot is too much pot?
6565	So I bought a $19 scale and started weighing everything in my pack.
6566	So I'll get right to the point.
6567	So -- in addition to Everett -- where can we track down the Dreamlifter?
6568	So, in that sense, I'm not so concerned about people's attention spans.
6569	So I responded in what I thought was the most truthful, or least untruthful manner by saying no."
6570	So is Bill Ackman, the investor and board member who handpicked Johnson to run the company.
6571	So I suspect that we were very lucky the whole time." she says.
6572	So I think it served its purpose.
6573	So I think it's going to be a great opportunity.'
6574	So it looked pretty bad.”
6575	So it's disappointing to see more and more people herald technology as an educational panacea while dismissing the indispensable role of people.
6576	So it's okay to shoot someone for tresspassing?
6577	So it’s unsafe and it should stop.
6578	"So it was good to be able to mix some things up.
6579	So Jeremy did it.
6580	Solano defended Quinn’s plan, citing cost savings and saying all prisoners from Tamms in southern Illinois were sent to what it called “appropriate maximum security facilities.”
6581	Solar products are one of the areas where China has been embroiled in bitter trade disputes with the EU and US, who accuse Beijing of unfairly subsidizing the industry.
6582	So let’s just call the play, at Theater Schmeater, a gleeful heap of outrageousness with an existentialist glimmer or two.
6583	Solomon is described as a Native American man who stands 5'8" tall and weighs 187 pounds.
6584	So long Seattle Times it was good while it lasted.
6585	"Solution" or none, the end result will be the same.
6586	Somalia's nascent army does not have the ability to carry out a stealth night-time strike.
6587	So many questions about Benghazi and so few answers!
6588	“So maybe, instead of being at the end of the pipeline, we’re now at the beginning of a new pipeline.”
6589	Some analysts said they doubted how much determination there had been to wipe out the LRA.
6590	Some are more finesse and technique, but when he bulldozes through hurdles he'll be tough to beat, and it was good to see him have three solid races back-to-back-to-back."
6591	Some are skeptical that electric cars will be anything more than a tiny niche.
6592	Some are sober stories of children suffering lead poisoning or coastal communities sinking into the sea.
6593	Somebody is supposed to be out of the truck, taking pictures.
6594	… Somebody’s going to be either having a little injury or they’ve played a number of games and you want to give them a break, things like that.
6595	Some candidates showed they were not afraid to embrace potentially unpopular ideas.
6596	Some companies have been successful using Super Bowl teasers in the past.
6597	Some corporate offices such as Google in Silicon Valley, Bloomberg in New York and FactSet in Chicago even offer free food or snacks in their facilities, according to Business Insider.
6598	Some critics say the emergence of private schools, which have more incentives for both students and teachers, makes them excel.
6599	"Some days you do wonder if you can carry on," he says.
6600	Some don’t take a unique and peaceful turn, like when Kobe Bryant campaigned hard for the Lakers to sign Matt Barnes, who notoriously irritated Kobe in the past.
6601	Some family members and friends, she said, called to say they support her.
6602	Some fathers are educational.
6603	Some have already been employed by NOCAL.
6604	Some have complained about a lack of hot water but others believe management is doing all it can to keep residents comfortable.
6605	Somehow, that did not spell doom for the Miami Heat.
6606	Some human rights advocates worry that Hagel will be a voice for a limited military role and likely to oppose intervention in humanitarian crises, a divisive issue while the deadly Syrian conflict continues.
6607	Some intersections have seen total accidents decline by about half.
6608	Some Mainers expressed astonishment that LePage would alienate residents of Maine's largest region – the North Woods.
6609	Some may point to climate change, but here.
6610	"Some observers did not expect the young nation to survive these challenges.
6611	Some observers made much of this, suggesting that the concerns with Iran's policies expressed by Arab governments were out of touch with their publics.
6612	Some officers could be heard over the police radio ordering the destruction of the cabin.
6613	Some of his extended family still live in Washington, state police say.
6614	"Some of our customers top out at 210 kilos (460 pounds)," Langton said.
6615	Some of that was surely Guan's preparation, but most of it is simply a natural gift few players possess in the longball era.
6616	"Some of the coolest stuff I've ever been exposed to came in a 7 a.m. meeting or a frantic e-mail chain nearing midnight before a major event."
6617	Some of the exhibitors find the occasion an opportunity to grow their businesses by increasing capacity.
6618	Some of the gunmen are said to have had masks on, while others were already in the building mingling with the shoppers before the attack started at about 1pm this afternoon.
6619	Some of the hurdles to a free and fair election are too glaring for Sadc to ignore.
6620	Some of the invasive species are changing local forests, scientists have discovered.
6621	"Some of them have 6,7,8% admissions rate."
6622	Some of the new P2P investors hope to employ yet another Wall Street tactic to boost returns: securitizing the loans by slicing them up into pieces for sale.
6623	"Some of the players gave the impression that they were on the beach, and I stress some of them.
6624	"Some of the researchers who looked at these documents were not honest and forthright," he said.
6625	Some of the weapons appeared to have been charred.
6626	Some of those aboard reported a burning smell in the cabin.
6627	Some oil industry traders and executives also question whether Horizon Energy has been dealing in Iranian oil - which Al Sari denies.
6628	Some patients think such ailments are so commonplace that a doctor should be able to prescribe an antibiotic after a conversation with them over the phone or Internet.
6629	"Some people are becoming nervous and have begun to take profits, which is a prudent move," says Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University.
6630	Some people are blaming the gods.
6631	Some people get “five-ring fever” he said — obsessing over the next Olympics years before the opening ceremony.
6632	''Some people would liken us as the 'George Soros' of China internet market.
6633	Some pets like to help putting up decorations.
6634	Some places more so than others.
6635	Some popular cloud storage providers sweep accounts looking for illegal data.
6636	"Some senior officers continue to suffer punishments which were wrongly imposed on them by the disciplinary authorities within the Police Service.
6637	Some skin diseases are aggravated in the winter months when dry air, decreased sunlight, and colder temperatures contribute to dehydrated skin, with decreased blood flow.
6638	Some tense moments for residents of Laurens County after a community clean up unearths an explosive device.
6639	Something reeks with this story..
6640	Some think it's a prank; some think it's a trap.
6641	Sometimes it happens, sometimes it doesn't where guys come back.
6642	"Sometimes it's excruciating, sometimes -- it's always a dull roar."
6643	Sometimes only their name or the color of their skin can hint at heritage from outside Germany.
6644	"Sometimes the wound itself is so injured that over time the skin and muscle can die," he added.
6645	Sometimes they are legitimate.
6646	Sometimes we look at our own culture and find ourselves listening to types of music, talking a certain way, dating a particular type of man or woman, or even dressing in ways that don't truly define us as individuals.
6647	Some weeks later, I went back to Lawrenceville with a steel tape, borrowed a step-ladder, and measured the height of the basket.
6648	Some were perfect, like HBO's "Six Feet Under" and FX's "The Shield."
6649	So much corruption in the Republican party.
6650	Songs will accompany each tale read in Discovery Rooms throughout the Museum.
6651	So now, in addition to helping with those official duties, Bo takes on the important role of big brother!
6652	So now Portia is afield and unconnected.
6653	Sony is addressing its core audience with the upcoming PlayStation 4, he said.
6654	Sony is also trying to move into new fields such as medical equipment, having set up a joint venture with Olympus Corp.
6655	Sony’s bizarre promotional video follows below.
6656	Sony today announced the launch of the Shake-7, the new super high power Home Audio System with massive 31,350W PMPO power output.
6657	So of course he is not guilty.
6658	So often projects (and relationships, for that matter) founder on the shoals of faulty communication.
6659	Sookbox Launches at CES 2013 in Las Vegas, January 8-11, 2013Cambridge, MA (PRWEB) January 09, 2013 …
6660	Soon, banana sellers will be able to take advantage of this as well.
6661	"Sooner or later, one of these is going to pass. It's only a matter of time.
6662	Soon, it may have to be demolished -- a fact he's not too happy about.
6663	Soon joining him at the top of Czech politics was Vaclav Klaus, who successively served as finance minister and prime minister and orchestrated wide-ranging free market economic reforms.
6664	So on the anniversary of Cernan's mission, he took a moment to encourage a little boy he never met over the phone.
6665	Soon the devastation hit much closer to home.
6666	Sophomores Jordan Batiste and Lorenzo Doss (44 tackles, 5 interceptions) will start at cornerback; the pair combined to start 10 games last season, with Batiste supplanting Doss down the stretch.
6667	Sorting out the truth is difficult because of both the arcane nature of NCAA rules and the murky way in which Tulane legislative scholarships are handed out.
6668	So said David Ogilvy, the man who founded the company I work for.
6669	So take a look, dip a toe if you must, admire the reflection of the Place de la Bourse and coolly continue on your way.
6670	So that always helps.
6671	So that is the message we bring to the social workers here - the people of our country that the Bible says 'Wait on the Lord' and He will renew your strength and give you good courage and certainly that is what it is all about.
6672	So the GOP thinks Christie should have not sought fed relief to help those who were suffering from Sandy?
6673	So the radio station decided to do something about it.
6674	So, these are important philosophical world-view questions.
6675	So the students take Spring/Summer classes and have every fall off (and can’t register for any fall classes while in the program).
6676	So they'll be major players who'll use every advantage at their disposal: West Coast lifestyle, big market, tradition, possibly Phil Jackson (if Mike D'Antoni gets fired), etc. But they'll hardly be the only team with checkbook in hand.
6677	So this may be a signal of things to come," said Michael Woolfolk, a senior currency strategist at BNY Mellon in New York.
6678	So this programme meets those criteria.
6679	So under the Mbeki regime, the SACP coined the term the "Class of '96" - unnamed ANC and business interests who were to blame for GEAR and its programme.
6680	Sounds like Roach is trying to get legislation passed to use against people enemies list.
6681	Sounds like some one is creating a mountain.
6682	Sounds perfect to me!
6683	So unless you've got proof you're just spouting a bunch of hot air.
6684	Sources said some security officials had suggested that instead of granting amnesty to Boko Haram members, government should de-radicalise them as it was done in Pakistan.
6685	South Africa confront Australia on September 28 at Newlands in Cape Town and table-toppers New Zealand on October 5 at Ellis Park in Johannesburg.
6686	South African captain AB de Villiers said his team had the belief of turning the tables.
6687	South Africa rejects any calls for regime change and outside military interference or any action not in line with the Charter of the United Nations.
6688	South Africa's platinum total production is expected to fall by more than 600 000 ounces in 2013, losing mining companies an estimated R8,6 billion in revenues at current prices in contrast to Zimbabwe's output, which is expected to increase by 7%.
6689	South Carolina coach Steve Spurrier said Lattimore's drive will make him a success in football and whatever he does once his athletic career ends.
6690	South Charleston also welcomes back three starters in senior outfielders Meredith Cain and Kayli Hudson, and junior catcher Mckenzie Catlett - the coach's daughter.
6691	Southern Baptist leaders — who consider homosexuality a sin — were furious about the possible change and said its approval might encourage Southern Baptist churches to support other boys' organizations instead of the BSA.
6692	South Kordofan — The rebel coalition Sudanese Revolutionary Front (SRF) claims to have "inflicted heavy casualties on government troops" in South Kordofan.
6693	Southport, N.Y. – A 21 year old man has been killed in a motorcycle accident at the Bulkhead intersection of State Routes 14 and 328 in the Town of Southport.
6694	Southwest, which doesn't impose change fees, will allow travelers on affected routes to alter their itineraries without incurring higher fares.
6695	"So we certainly had many, many rejections from potential backers.
6696	So we decided that it needs to be discussed at the highest level, by the principals, to give clear guidance on what is possible and what is not possible."
6697	So we have no grounds to detain this transit passenger."
6698	So we raised sponsors, just like how Movie Towne has advertisers, we have sponsors that have a special benefit that they enjoy because you would come to the theatre and you wouldn't see a TSTT ad, you'd only see Digicel.
6699	So we sat there listening for a few and so began a day of unspeakable horrors coming to light.
6700	So, what are the going rates; how can you safely save; and when is a bargain not really a bargain?
6701	"So, what I'm trying to say is that all karate information will be at this new centre and all instructors will be schooled there.
6702	So what's the future of a proposed mission to Europa that would check for life beneath that moon's icy surface?
6703	So when I do have a session set up with somebody, I can come in with stuff."
6704	So when minorities commit crimes we should omit that little tidbit because idiots like yourself prefer people guess who to look out for when they aren't caught?
6705	So whether you like it or not, if you pay taxes, you indirectly support these corrupt and power hungry organizations.
6706	So which airports should you be visiting if you’re looking for love?
6707	So while many are seeing the new arena as a reward for a struggling program, it in actuality could be its saving grace.
6708	So while the Wings for Autism program is a big success at Boston Logan airport, families traveling with a child who has mild to severe autism would like to find sensitive and trained staff at all airports.
6709	So why does psychiatry insist on pursuing a purely medical model of explanation and intervention?
6710	So, why do tourists head to North Korea?
6711	So, without subsidizing this fuel or without ensuring steady power supply, I don't think we can make profit," he said.
6712	So with that in mind, the Legion has decided not to refuse any volunteers from the general public.
6713	So would clearing out some of the brush.
6714	So you buy some credit-default swaps, which rise in value as the chance of default grows or the lender’s confidence in the credibility of a borrow wavers.
6715	So, you can hit the city like a cashless bumpkin and spend an hour hunting up an acceptable place to change money or, for less than £10, arrive with some local coin in your pocket.
6716	So, you’re a douchebag bigot with a $1,000 to throw away.
6717	SpaceShipTwo begins each flight hooked beneath a carrier airplane called WhiteKnightTwo.
6718	Speakers delivered five- to seven-minute speeches on wide-ranging topics, and were judged on content, organization and delivery.
6719	Speaking at the closing ceremony, Dawda Fadera, chairman of MDI board of directors, thanked MDI for the manner in which they handled the programme and President Yahya Jammeh for initiating it.
6720	Speaking from Aleppo province, Kareen said he has encountered 20 to 30 Canadians.
6721	Speaking in Cali, Mr Santos personally greeted the rebels, among them three pregnant women, who surrendered their arms and equipment.
6722	Speaking to Angop, under the celebrations of the National Hero's Week, the students said this will allow a permanent remembrance and dissemination of the Great Poet's achievements.
6723	"Speaking with doctors, they feel like at this point if I can step away and take some of that high-level pressure off it, it will really hopefully allow me to do some regular things and help out with the kids' teams.
6724	"Speak the Word" --I believe that setting a good example for others and working to follow the teachings and example of Jesus is FAR more important than "speaking the word".
6725	Special players can’t be special if they are asked to be average.
6726	Special privilege has no place in a democratic society, a society where "all men are created equal".
6727	Specifically, he provided air sampling data to help examine whether the setback provision was adequate to protect nearby residents from noise, light, dust and air pollution from volatile organic compounds.
6728	Spices that go into butter have also stabilised, except for cardamom (korerima), which costs 90 Br a kilo, an increase of 10 Br when compared to the Ethiopian New Year's price.
6729	SPIEGEL: During the final years of his life, Stalin reportedly had a friendly relationship with your father.
6730	SPIEGEL: You grew up with your mother.
6731	Spieth, a two-time U.S. Junior Amateur champion, became the youngest player to win on the tour since Ralph Guldahl won the Santa Monica Open 82 years ago.
6732	Spin-off groups like al Qaeda-linked Ansaru, which has claimed responsibility for kidnapping and killing Westerners, are believed to operate independently.
6733	Spinoffs, not surprisingly, are big business these days on Wall Street.
6734	Sports Illustrated’s Chris Mannix has Bennett in the No. 4 position on his latest big board.
6735	Spring and summer are when most people seek to get outdoors, but I actually prefer winter in the Lowcountry, particularly if my aim is one of my chief.
6736	Spruce and School - just north of Watertown Square.
6737	S&P, she added, welcomes “the opportunity to demonstrate the lack of merit to the Department of Justice’s complaint.”
6738	Srinivasan went on to graduate from Stanford University, and earned a law degree and MBA from the school.
6739	Stability could be one of Taiwan’s most familiar political terms.
6740	Staff at an Edmonton shelter are launching a review after a homeless man left one of their centres and froze to death outside.
6741	Staff says with new equipment, DNA evidence will be looked at sooner and the number of backlogged cases will decrease.
6742	ST. ANDREWS, Scotland (AP) — Inbee Park felt pressure like never before when she first arrived at St. Andrews, knowing that a victory in the Women's British Open would make her the first golfer to win four professional majors in the same season.
6743	Stanford University students enjoy the annual Full Moon on the Quad event.
6744	Stanmeyer says the teen suffered multiple cuts and scrapes from screws.
6745	Starboard co-owner Steve "Monty" Montgomery now agrees after having them in his bar the past couple of months, even though he admits he initially had doubts of his own.
6746	Starbucks says it has "aggressive plans" to open cafes across Colombia over the next five years.
6747	Starlin Castro hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 4-3 victory over Philadelphia.
6748	"Started from bottom now we here OVO.
6749	Starting with one location at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, Schneider and company believe they’ve come up with a concept that leverages all of the above and, in the process, eliminates the usual annoyances of renting a car.
6750	State and local governments and school districts had to pay an extra $320 million last year, money that could be going to their grandchildren, our children.
6751	State District Judge John Stevens, the first prosecution witness, testified about the chaos in the courthouse.
6752	State investigators have used the technology to look into almost 200 cases of potential fraud.
6753	State media said in July the government planned to invest 1.7 trillion yuan ($277 billion) to fight air pollution over the next five years.
6754	State oil monopoly Pemex said it had sent technicians to fix a ruptured 12-inch (30 cm) oil pipeline between the Gulf port of Madero inland to Cadereyta after it was damaged by heavy rains.
6755	State police say at least one person was killed and dozens injured in an explosion at a chemical plant in Geismar.
6756	State Police troopers, Lincoln County deputies, and municipal officers continue the fight against pain pills, meth labs, drug cultivation, and much more.
6757	State Sen. Evan Jenkins is executive director of the West Virginia State Medical Association.
6758	Status of the three kids is unknown at this time; Officials at Arnot Ogden say they have been transported elsewhere as of Saturday morning.
6759	"Stay focused on New Jersey, gov.
6760	St. Clair: The fishing has been pretty good.
6761	Steel plates will be NT$569 less per tonne, while hot-dipped, zinc-galvanized sheets will drop by NT$963 per tonne and electro-galvanized sheets will be lowered by NT$600 per tonne.
6762	Steenkamp was born in Cape Town and had studied law, but was better known as an FHM cover girl and the face of Avon cosmetics in South Africa.
6763	Steering his story in unexpected directions, Morales uses moral depravity as the medium for pondering the allure of agency and the satisfaction of fighting back.
6764	Steinberg said such programs, if properly implemented, will lower the crime rate and, by extension, send fewer people to prison.
6765	Steinitz is the minister of strategic affairs.
6766	Stein was impressed that in the beer landscape of pre-Prohibition America, Heurich’s 500,000-barrel capacity was considered small (the brewery’s product was likely only available in D.C. and the surrounding region).
6767	Stephen Curry, Warriors PG – His last two seasons were marred by ankle injuries, but now the Warriors are looking smart for giving Curry a four-year, $44 million extension in October.
6768	Stephen Elop happens to be going from external to internal but our board will consider everybody.
6769	Stephen Godfroy, a co-owner of Rough Trade, said that they present an opportunity to discover music in “a non-algorithmic fashion.”
6770	Sterilization may be accepted as a makeshift, as a help to solve this problem."
6771	Sterling International in Spokane Valley makes those yellow jacket traps and Monday their assembly line was running at top speed for good reason.
6772	Steve Ellis, vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense, a nonpartisan federal-budget watchdog group, said going back to earmarks would not solve the problem Congress faces on measures like the waterways bill.
6773	"Steven Donziger did not ghostwrite a judgment," Gowen said.
6774	Stevens says that's going to cost his business thousands of dollars in beer sales.
6775	Steve was inspired by his resemblance to Lincoln and has been a Lincoln presenter since 1995.
6776	St Gallen founded on 19 April 1879, are the oldest still existing club in Swiss football.
6777	ST. HELENS, Ore. -- A St. Helens Safeway store was evacuated Wednesday due to a Hazmat emergency.
6778	ST: How will these causes be addressed?
6779	Still, Baird's conduct has "put unnecessary pressure on an otherwise excellent relationship" between Canada and the small island nation in the Indian Ocean, the Maldives statement said.
6780	Still, Dumaresque decided to sign a deal and pay the amount.
6781	Still, getting good value for the commodity business may be tough as the market is already crowded.
6782	Still in her pajamas from last night, Nadia Abrams clings to one of her son Brandon's shirt.
6783	Still, it clearly grates on him that he has never won the Tour Finals, reaching the final just once in 2010 when he was defeated by six-time champion Roger Federer, whose game is far more suited to the quicker indoor conditions.
6784	Still, it is a never-ending battle.
6785	Still, it was a vast improvement for Bolt from his first 100 this year.
6786	Still, lawyers from both sides and legal experts indicated that juror's backgrounds matter.
6787	Still, Scheier acknowledges that this is far from the perfect way to prepare.
6788	Still, the bottom line isn't pretty for a franchise that had appeared poised for a breakthrough in the second season under Fisher and general manager Les Snead.
6789	Still, the company has never had a profitable quarter; its average revenue per user was $9.74 last year.
6790	Still, the end of the north face's invincibility did not spell an end to its victims.
6791	Still, the Sea Dogs were happy to be heading home having won two out of three in Bowie.
6792	Still, the White House and intelligence officials had been anticipating the report and Iran itself had in fact notified the U.N. nuclear watchdog in January that it intended to take the step.
6793	Still, those were some pretty big jabs from T-Mobile, but there's a big reason for them.
6794	Still, Vancouver's form has been good enough to lift the club to 32 points on the season, bringing the 'Caps to within two points of the Timbers.
6795	Still, while the tone among analysts has been negative this morning, there are still many who keep their "buy" rating on the stock, with many suggesting that the current sell-off may present a buying opportunity for investors looking for a bargain.
6796	Stir gently while the cheese melts.
6797	St. Louis center Vladimir Sobotka wheeled around Vancouver's goal and into the slot and whipped a shortside wrist shot that Berglund deflected in. Sobotka was originally credited with the goal.
6798	St. Louis defenseman Alex Pietrangelo cut the deficit to 2-1 with a power-play goal in the second period.
6799	St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank President James Bullard, thought to be less tolerant of inflation than many of his colleagues at the central bank, said on Friday the bond program could end this year if the economy improves.
6800	ST. LOUIS (KMOV) – Former Missouri Governor Bob Holden says a man stole his money while he was walking on Washington Ave. in downtown St. Louis on Wednesday.
6801	Stocks opened higher but quickly fell into negative territory Wednesday as questions lingered over how soon central banks would begin to scale back supportive measures.
6802	Stocks rallied on Monday and Tuesday this week on the idea that Bernanke will not signal an abrupt end to the bond purchasing program.
6803	Stocks tottered between small gains and losses on Monday.
6804	Stone said the ruling will mean speedier trials, but he notes the high court seemed to allow for one exception.
6805	Stop paying the coaches top dollar until they deliver.
6806	Stotish said the P.E.I. hatchery won't scale up to commercial production unless AquaBounty gets approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to sell its salmon there.
6807	Stoves and lanterns with shut-off valves that use gas, jellied petroleum or pressurized liquid fuel will be allowed only in authorized campsites if the operator possesses a valid California Campfire Permit.
6808	St Paul's has published a full funeral order of service.
6809	Strategies to promote behavioral change therefore are the key to combating climate change.
6810	Strays are thought to be a legacy of late communist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu's decision to bulldoze pre-World War Two houses in Bucharest's historic center in the 1980s to make way for the parliament building, one of the largest in the world.
6811	Street photographer Martin Reis has documented the explosion of Ford-related graffiti.
6812	Strict oversight by top Air Force leaders and the rigorous process used to work out the development contract with Boeing has helped ensure success, said Thompson.
6813	Strong defensive plays by Matthew Filippine, Stephen Roberts and Matthew Emerson kept things close.
6814	Students at Brigram Young University, Utah, found that books categorized by their university library as in high demand averaged between 25 percent and 40 percent more microbial life than neglected volumes.
6815	Students at the Mason Early Childhood Center receiving weekend food packs jumped from 23 in 2011 to 47 in 2012.
6816	Students have also demanded N10million each in compensation for wasted years without hope of ever becoming doctors.
6817	Studio coordinator Ali O’Reel shared the reason she chose United Way: Help 4 Kids/Back Pack Buddies: “As and aunt of 10, this is an organization that has always been near and dear to my heart.”
6818	Sturgeon resigned in August after two years on the job as the city’s first health inspector, and has declined to comment or explain her departure.
6819	Style, this is not.
6820	Su and Tsai have been mentioned as the favorites to win the DPP’s nomination for the next presidential election.
6821	Subsequent efforts to extend light rail continue to try to bypass voters as promises of a vote are broken.
6822	Such a proposal is not only dangerously wrong, it's an affront to the very spirit of our Constitution.
6823	Such a sanction is very much in keeping with the church's legal tradition of making a public reparation for a scandal done to the church, said Austen Ivereigh, director of the Catholic Voices, a British-based Catholic advocacy group.
6824	Such changes would not automatically bear the intended fruits when they were up against the natural laws of economics.
6825	Such is the concern about the company’s future that Microsoft agreed to lend some of its considerable financial muscle to shore up one of its most important business partners.
6826	Suddenly being swallowed up by the earth on a golf course's fairway drove a wedge between Mark Mihal and a stellar round.
6827	Sullivan says he is doing what little he can by pledging not to shop on Thanksgiving and encouraging others to do the same through his own Facebook group, Thanksgiving Comes First, which has more than 1,110 followers.
6828	Sumlin says it isn't the right time for Manziel to talk, but that he will talk at some point this year.
6829	Summer's short, are you ready?
6830	Sumner’s Austin Striplin sprints to the finish line in timed drills during practice.
6831	Sunday was another day at work with Beligan making his 330th appearance as the lead in "Number One" by French playwright Jean Anouilh, playing aging playwright Leon Saint-Pe.
6832	@SunDownerCould be if enough human blood is found might qualify (on tools or on the ground).
6833	Superb photo of Mr. Johnson, also.
6834	Superman has reflected us as the ultimate American hero over the course of 75 years in comic books, movies and pop culture.
6835	Supermarket worker Andrew Wilcox, 47, wants to move from the three-bed semi in Reed Avenue, Canterbury, to avoid losing £60 a month to the so-called bedroom tax – which slashes benefits for families with spare rooms.
6836	Super typhoon Haiyan had wind speeds of up to 170 mph and was rated as a category-five storm early Thursday, according to Weather Channel lead meteorologist Michael Palmer.
6837	Supreme Court ruling may impact those charged with drug crimes.
6838	Surely it is time for the community to bring pressure to bear upon the local supermarket chains to question the sale of cartons of eggs to youths at this time of the year.
6839	Surely, none of this has been lost on Justice Kennedy.
6840	Surprise contenders Real Sociedad maintained their slender advantage over Valencia in the race for Spain’s fourth and final Champions League berth when they came from behind to beat Sevilla 2-1 in La Liga on Saturday.
6841	Surrounded by hostile Sunni areas, it is effectively under siege.
6842	Surrounding elementary schools also are seeing enrollment increases.
6843	Survivors and families who lost a loved one marked the anniversary in a variety of ways, with some gathering together at the site to share hugs and stories.
6844	Survivors include sons, Mel (Debra) Patton, Talmo, and Neil (Dawn) Patton, Talmo; 10 grandchildren; several great-grandchildren; and other relatives.
6845	Swanson will travel to Washington, D.C., in early July to lobby the banking issue on behalf of the National Cannabis Industry Association.
6846	Sweden's Frida Hansdotter was third.
6847	Sweden's Supreme Court has suspended the development of a new limestone mine in an ancient forest on the Baltic Sea.
6848	"Swimming lessons will be offered at the pool from June 25 to July 25," Settle said.
6849	Swinton used “some of the gestures employed by curators and restorers” of archived clothing, notes Saillard (who was himself onstage assisting her for parts of the performance), and she invented others of her own.
6850	Sylvester and his wife, Carrie Vaughan, 60, said Lancaster also mended their fence and once fixed an outdoor light at their house — but he always refused any money for his help.
6851	Syria is known to have extensive supplies of chemical weapons.
6852	Syrian authorities have scoffed at suggestions Assad hand power to a transitional government.
6853	Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is fighting a 2-1/2 year civil war with rebels seeking his overthrow.
6854	Syrian President Bashar Assad has warned that the U.S. should expect retaliation for any air strikes, but Obama said that should not sway Congress.
6855	Syrian state television on Friday said Syria's foreign minister, Walid Muallem, has told UN chief Ban by phone that Damascus would "refuse any partial report" before analysis of the inspectors' samples was completed.
6856	“Syria’s curse is that its not important for outsiders to do much more than what they have already done.”
6857	Tailings are contained in large man-made lakes, and their impact on the environment has become a lightning rod for critics of the oilsands industry.
6858	Taji is a former insurgent stronghold, located about 20 kilometers (12 miles) north of the Iraqi capital.
6859	Take me back to the Land of the Brew… Much Love, ur Cedarburg Crew.
6860	Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said the message sent in his name promising a temporary cessation of violence with next week's start of Ramadan was the latest incident in a simmering cyber war between intelligence agencies and the insurgents.
6861	Talk about a helluva a bill.
6862	Talked to an officer, decided no report was necessary.
6863	Talking to The Wall Street Journal, Dick Costolo addressed Twitter's ideal growth, why the company bought Vine, and the service's learning curve.
6864	Talking with the "TERRORISTS" will never work.
6865	"Talks between the leader Apo (Ocalan), our leadership and elements in the KCK (rebel umbrella group) must be facilitated for the process to advance properly in a way that will achieve results," it added.
6866	Talk to a therapist about how you can improve your mood and regain your enthusiasm for life.
6867	Tall urns planted with pheasant's tail grass (Anemanthele lessoniana) and impatiens flank the front porch.
6868	Talon is currently in France.
6869	Tamim put on 67 with Marshall Ayub (41) for the second wicket after Bangladesh captain Mushfiqur Rahim won the toss and elected to bat at the Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium in Dhaka.
6870	Tamms was also a much smaller prison.
6871	Taste is one thing, but anyone choosing sugar-sweetened soda for health reasons seems misguided.
6872	Taubman was convicted of first-degree murder and Dunnings entered a plea agreement.
6873	Tavani said the brand offers a mix of shared and private rooms.
6874	Tavera is scheduled to be arraigned on Monday in Newport Beach.
6875	Tax revenue collections went from five billion shillings (About $1.8billion) in 1986 to 6.6 trillion shillings ($2.5billion) last financial year.
6876	Taylor Swift, winner of favorite country artist, tries to accept the award from actress Olivia Munn onstage at the People's Choice Awards at Nokia Theatre L.A. Live on Wednesday.
6877	TD Meloche Monnex Insurance now says it will pay out for sewer backup damage, but its clients are still furious with the company.
6878	“Teachers don’t have time to develop their own courseware,” she said.
6879	Team Canada is headquartered at Goodyear Ball Park, spring home of the Reds, and the Canadian team equipment arrived Thursday, including a uniform, a locker and a clubhouse pass for Votto.
6880	Teams from Washington and Washington State generally reflected a national uptick in Academic Progress Rate scores released Tuesday, and the UW men's basketball team posted the highest figure in its sport in the Pac-12.
6881	Teenage substitute Jose Villarreal scored on a scissor kick in the 92nd minute to give defending Major League Soccer champion Los Angeles a 2-2 tie with Toronto FC in Galaxy standout Landon Donovan's return from about four months off.
6882	Teens will even get time to experiment with the green screens that broadcasters use to create special effects.
6883	TEHRAN, Iran - Dancing in the streets of Tehran greeted the news that Hassan Rowhani had won Iran’s race for president over the weekend, as voters hailed the reformist cleric’s victory.
6884	TEHRAN, Iran Iran sought Tuesday to spell out in its clearest terms yet that it is not seeking nuclear weapons, highlighting a religious decree issued by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei that bans nuclear weapons.
6885	Teigan said the fence, once complete, would help eliminate the hazard of deer wandering onto the runway.
6886	Telesur carries musical and historical programs, as well as documentaries with investigative journalism and reporters grilling their subjects.
6887	Tellem was Myers' long-time mentor at the Wasserman Media Group.
6888	Tell that to Karl Rove and Dick Armey.
6889	Tell them any way they exit in 2014.
6890	Tell us in the comments section and demonstrate how well you know your community.
6891	TEMPE, Ariz. -- A person was transported to a hospital Friday night after a rollover crash in Tempe.
6892	TEMPE, Ariz. — Los Angeles Angels slugger Albert Pujols hopes to begin agility drills and light running in a couple of days to test his surgically repaired right knee.
6893	Tenant Hussein Eltawil holds one of the electric heaters handed out by management.
6894	Tenants told KIMA they have noticed fewer cars in the parking lot since the murder.
6895	Tenants would also be required to verify their identity with two different types of identification after moving.
6896	Ten becomes the first person from Kazakhstan to win a medal at an ISU championship of any kind.
6897	Ten months later, Vanderbilt and Kentucky will meet again.
6898	Tennessee's attorney general had argued that selling any part of the collection would violate O'Keeffe's wishes.
6899	Tennessee Sen. Lamar Alexander, the committee’s top Republican, deferred to Kirk, who described how he has supported the Employment Nondiscrimination Act for years.
6900	Tennis players are matched with like-ranked players in tournaments.
6901	Terri A. Thompson, 51, Green Forest, was booked for theft of property.
6902	Terry was also involved in cattle ranching throughout his life.
6903	Tesla (TSLA) shares rallied after the electric-car maker reported a surprise quarterly profit.
6904	Texas is the nation's second-most populous state, and an average of 80,000 abortions are performed there each year.
6905	Textron Inc.'s CEO said Friday that his aviation company's $1.4 billion purchase of Beechcraft Corp. will require "restructuring and optimization of costs."
6906	Thanks for posting!
6907	"Thanks, my God!
6908	Thank you for the invitation to attend the dedication ceremony honoring Richard McGhee.
6909	Thank you, Maria Sanchez for doing the right thing for the dog.
6910	Thank you, President Carter for standing with us on representation.
6911	Thank you to all the dreamers..
6912	That agency is important for the writer.
6913	That basically means raising part of the roof to provide more clearance.
6914	That being said, I've no regrets about any of it.
6915	That block contains both Dakota Collegiate and Victor Mager schools.
6916	That can squeeze some students out of classes they need and leaves some classes partially empty on the final drop date.
6917	That case was forwarded to the Florida Department of Children and Families.
6918	That, Cato said, is simply a product of time.
6919	"That chip on his shoulder now is going to turn into a full plate of nachos," Branton predicts.
6920	That, clearly, was no suicide.
6921	That clears everything up for me, NHBill!
6922	That concern grew after talking to doctors and players haunted by gnarly hits for a six-part documentary series, "The NFL: The Gift Or The Curse," which he is producing.
6923	That conversation occurred after the U.S. ambassador to Libya and another American had been killed in the initial attack, but hours before a second attack that killed two other Americans.
6924	That could be because of language barriers in the area.
6925	That definately will make them release him.
6926	That didn’t matter, though, because Panthers quarterback Cam Newton was on his game from start to finish.
6927	That'd make a good plot line for a book or movie.
6928	That doesn't fully preclude snooping, of course, but it makes it a bit harder.
6929	That falls right on me."
6930	That "government is picking up" means that you and me an other tax payers are subsidizing this guy's insurance.
6931	That growth rate will likely continue to shrink as mobile users come into parity with total users.
6932	That Gwarzo understands the dynamics of his local politics is obvious.
6933	That has one of the biggest two week jumps that I've ever heard of.
6934	That he wasn't trying to be a different person as pope than he was as a cardinal, as a bishop, and as a priest."
6935	That honor belongs to a company called World Fuel Services (INT), which ranks No. 74 on this year's 500 list with $38.9 billion in revenues.
6936	That is extremely important for us,” the Portuguese said.
6937	That is how political parties operate in electoral contests the world over.
6938	That is indicative of a global economy growing below trend," said Bill Stone, chief investment strategist at PNC Wealth Management.
6939	That is not their intended role, either.
6940	That is one drab looking bridge.
6941	"That is sad and certainly a very, very painful domestic European human rights scandal."
6942	That is Soumaila's agenda," Kamara told DW.
6943	That is the place where Romney belongs to.
6944	That is up to him to do that," she said.
6945	That is, we do not have structural factors and variables of underdevelopment within our society in South Sudan.
6946	That is what we're about.
6947	That is what you normally observe from emergency vehicles; a slow-down before going through a red light.
6948	That is why I have insisted that a census must be done in the education sector."
6949	That just makes me shudder to think.
6950	That just puts the government spending up so the vicious circle needs to be halted some way or another and it's governments job to solve these problems, so far without success.
6951	“That keeps us all positive,” Crockett said.
6952	That kind of vagueness is central to why many residents, including voters and elected officials, say they're wary of raising taxes or redirecting funds to help pay for more officers.
6953	That language was co-sponsored by Maine Rep. Chellie Pingree.
6954	That last statement probably has the greatest resonance now for Richards; she was fired today by SendGrid, which apparently feared for its public image in the wake of the incident at the conference.
6955	That little room with the controls used to operate the train.
6956	That means Boehner could need Democratic support if he chooses to push a "clean" bill.
6957	That means drivers — or cars — can react to things even before a sensor can detect them.
6958	That mistake was among several violations The Enquirer alleged in its challenge to sealing the case.
6959	"That morning was the first time I knew it was April Jones," he said.
6960	That motion led to an early end to a day of testimony as the judge considers her next move.
6961	That need that has not decreased despite a much-touted economic recovery.
6962	… That only adds to the tragedy,” Riggs said at the crash scene.
6963	That outrageous percentage clearly shows that the majority of stops were done unjustifiably.
6964	That overseas TV broadcast, going to 156 countries, will include Vitale working with play-by-play announcer Brad Nessler, on one semifinal game as well as the NCAA championship game.
6965	That part does not apply to Wisconsin, which does not have such a history.
6966	That prompted Mr Miliband to urge newspaper owner Lord Rothermere to take a "long, hard look" at the "culture and practices" of his Mail titles.
6967	That put the Swans 2-0 and initiated the shout from the travelling support to bring back former head coach Paolo Di Canio.
6968	"That's always a confidence booster.
6969	That same year, a pilot dropped a bomb on an observation tower and killed a civilian, setting off years of angry protests that led President George W. Bush to end military activity on Vieques in 2003.
6970	That's a nice problem to have.
6971	That's a very quick network in its own right, which should help keep future T-Mobile customers happy after the network begins to roll out LTE in earnest.
6972	That savoir-faire, the initiative, the drive, the work-ethic and educational diligence, the determination to succeed exhibited by the Cuban exiles in America, could have been the bed-rock for a beautiful economically successful Cuban democratic republic.
6973	That’s because the clinic, Family Christian Health Center, was among the first to meet a mind-numbing list of health-care reform rules to receive money known as “meaningful use dollars.”
6974	"That's been the hardest thing for me to adjust, and I continue to work on it."
6975	That's chump change compared to what the 45-room boutique hotel might sell to one wealthy individual.
6976	That's down from 44 percent in a similar poll two weeks ago, but up from 39 percent in late October, just before Ford admitted he smoked crack cocaine while in office.
6977	That's fine in theory, but would it be the case in practice?
6978	"That's his attitude.
6979	That's just horrible advice, Carolyn.
6980	That's not to say that Raonic, who made the US Open fourth round on Saturday with a four-set win over experienced Spanish left-hander Feliciano Lopez, isn't free of homeground pressures when he plays in Canada.
6981	‘That’s one of your vocabulary words’) to stack oversize Lego blocks in columns labeled ‘ones,’ ‘tens’ and ‘hundreds.’
6982	That sort of makes sense.
6983	That sounds more like fact than boast after the way the Seahawks toyed with the Saints in a highly hyped Monday night game that was never in doubt.
6984	"That's probably accurate — we were surprised to find her alive," Jackson said Monday, a few hours after Wysocki was flown to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle.
6985	That’s probably a good sign for Yelp, which has seen its revenue and gross profit grow by over 65 percent over the course of the last year.
6986	That's reversed from an 11-point Obama lead on the question in late October, and it's the first significant GOP lead on the issue in data since early 2011.
6987	That's something I feel really confident at," Smith said.
6988	That started an extensive investigation involving police and forensic experts.
6989	That's the expectation we put out there.
6990	"That's the good news," says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland.
6991	“That's the main thing down here.
6992	''That's the most hurt I've been since I've been playing football.
6993	“That’s the obvious one, where you knock the ball loose,” Wilcox said.
6994	That's the San Antonio Metropolitan Ministries and its Street2Feet program.
6995	That's what I do for a living.
6996	That’s what the GOP might have to do.
6997	That's when dairy prices could double under a 1949 "permanent" farm law that would kick in.
6998	That's when Nelson took over for Mt. Ararat.
6999	That’s when police say a man in what looked like a cab car rolled up beside her.
7000	"That's who we are as Americans - we take care of our own," he said in a statement released by the White House.
7001	That's why he is for taxing companies in the country where consumers purchase their products online.
7002	That's why this latest study, published in the June 2013 issue of the Journal of Communication, is so heartening.
7003	That's why we complain about it.
7004	That team in 2010, half those kids wouldn’t have started for a good high school football team.”
7005	That the New Jersey governor's speech was well-received was made more important by its audience: members of the RNC, a group of influential party leaders whose support for various candidates could shape the race for the Republican nomination in 2016.
7006	"That, to me, is impressive."
7007	That to me was a plain as day indication that MLSE’s union with Payne was a shotgun wedding, perhaps engineered by Don Garber, because he sometimes has to be that guy.
7008	That was a 10 percent drop from 2005 - when the SPD and CDU/CSU were nearly neck and neck - and the worst results since the founding of the Federal Republic of Germany.
7009	That was all the Tigers managed, though.
7010	"That was an emotional roller-coaster ride.
7011	That was due to the fact that China was a big state, but a weak nation that was not well armed and which failed to master advanced technology of the time.
7012	That was Levitt, Daniel Radcliffe and Seth MacFarlane singing "High Hopes"
7013	That wasn’t going to keep 6-year-old sister Ainsley from taking her turn, though.
7014	That was really stupid.
7015	‘‘That was some good at-bats.
7016	That was Toyota’s real achievement with the Prius line.
7017	"That was when the home was completed."
7018	That will end a spell of several years in which the Portsmouth airport had no regularly scheduled passenger flights -- hence the need for the screening equipment.
7019	"That will explain to you that under my watch, I could not stand any of the officers being dropped because they clearly deserve it.
7020	“That would be focused primarily around corporate welfare and business subsidies and overspending on government workers,” said Fildebrandt.
7021	That would be unbelievably selfish and petty if I did that.
7022	The 11,179-kilometer network stretches across six countries (China, Kazakhstan, Russia, Belarus, Poland and Germany).
7023	The 115-year-old enterprise still runs an archaic track system of 1,067mm gauge.
7024	The 12-month moving average for January was 9,945, 3.3 percent above the 12-month moving average for December 2012 and 15.4 percent above that for January 2012.
7025	The 15-15 vote complicates efforts to put together a new two-year state budget.
7026	The $1.5 million contribution would cause the Kanawha County Public Library to lose 20 percent of its total budget after the current fiscal year ends in June, as opposed to a 40 percent loss if the school board chose to drop all funding.
7027	The 15-year-old had been in Canada less than two years at the time of his death.
7028	The 19 were arrested and charged in connection with the cross border attacks at the Liberia-Ivorian border in Liberia's Southeastern region and been in detention at the Monrovia Central Prison.
7029	The $201 million edifice is too luxurious for a operation partly funded by tax dollars, they say.
7030	The 20m (66ft) boat carrying more than 500 people - mostly from Eritrea and Somalia - was approaching Lampedusa early on Thursday when it began taking on water after its motor stopped working.
7031	The 20-year-old Texan began the year with no status on any tour.
7032	The 21-year-old had not played for the Gills since the FA Cup first round replay 1-0 defeat against non-league Brackley.
7033	The 25 year old just got 10 years for killing someone with a car while driving drunk, Deedy shoots while drunk and walks.
7034	The 330 raffle tickets sold in two days raised about $2,000 for the league.
7035	The 36th annual Chi Omega Christmas Market will once again offer more than 10,000 shoppers a unique holiday shopping experience showcasing gifts for every age.
7036	The 4-0 lead Silver (24-6) had before West Las Vegas stepped to the plate grew to 6-0 heading into the bottom of the fourth.
7037	"The 412 four axis choppers are rated the most advanced civil helicopters in the world.
7038	The 42-year-old rolled in a breaking 25-foot birdie putt at the par-four first, then did well to save par at the fifth where his tee shot nearly ended up in a stream.
7039	The 52-year-old would have been eligible for parole in August.
7040	The 54-year-old from the Swiss capital Berne had consistently denied the charges, blaming the victims for contracting HIV through unprotected sex and intravenous drug use, Swiss media reported.
7041	The 54-year-old Indianapolis man was sent to Wishard Hospital for treatment after being "slightly" injured.
7042	The 64-year-old German, one of Europe’s most successful coaches, said it was the most difficult decision of his career, but that he could “live without soccer.”
7043	The 67th annual NBA Draft will take place Thursday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn.
7044	The 7,000 pages showed that the U.S. government repeatedly misled the public about the war.
7045	The 800-store chain, which sells edgy, dark music-themed clothing, is the firm’s largest acquisition to date.
7046	The 844-page bill was sponsored by Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.
7047	The 84-year-old Bulger was sentenced Nov. 14 to life in prison.
7048	The 85-year-old author, poet, dancer and actress was honored during a benefit gala at the New York Public Library, the annual gathering organized by the Mailer Center and writers colony.
7049	The academy's directing snubs virtually take "Argo," ''Les Miserables" and "Zero Dark Thirty" out of the best-picture race, since a movie almost never wins the top prize if the filmmaker is not nominated.
7050	The act does exactly what it sounds like: in the event of a government shutdown, it would ensure that veterans and seniors are paid before anyone else.
7051	"The actions of a small percentage of law enforcement many years ago caused some people to lose faith and confidence in us," said Vincent Lisi, the FBI's special agent in charge in Boston.
7052	The actress talked a lot about locks with WWD but did obliquely reference the part of her life that remains gossip fodder, her engagement and all those pesky questions about whether she and Justin Theroux will expand their family.
7053	The actual ranking and score of these and other graduate schools will be available March 12, 2013, on usnews.
7054	The additional surveillance is in response not only to expected record-breaking crowds but also the deadly shooting of a gay man that took place just a month ago in the area that Pride-goers are set to congregate.
7055	THE Administrator General (AG) has handed over the Independent Power Tanzania Limited (IPTL) plant to the new operator, Pan Africa Power Solutions Tanzania Limited (PAP), who promised to extend its capacity from the current 100MW to 500MW.
7056	The advantage extended to 4-1 soon after, and when Murray then saw off five break points with some big serving, the set was as good as his.
7057	The African-Americans on the committee are Willingham and Condoleezza Rice, the former Secretary of State.
7058	The aftereffects of the injury, which occurred Aug. 19, knocked him out for the rest of the season.
7059	The agency has also acknowledged partial blame for its role in the bailout of the local lenders Royal Bank of Scotland and Northern Rock.
7060	The aggressive but undersized power forward has all types of moves in and around the paint to score and gives the Warriors a change of pace from their smaller lineup with All-Star power forward David Lee injured.
7061	The aims of this cull are to wipe out 80% of ALL badgers..
7062	The aircraft would carry a variety of weapons, records show, including rocket-propelled grenades and land mines.
7063	The airline has already retrenched nine employees from the airline's Operations and Commercial ground- based departments in Arusha, Mwanza and Dar es Salaam.
7064	The airmen’s loved ones shared stories that left the crowd both crying and laughing.
7065	The Alabama Cruise Terminal hadn't seen a regular cruise ship call there since 2011.
7066	The Albany Democrat-Herald reports that the 34-year-old Starks admitted to the judge Tuesday that he makes some dumb choices.
7067	The album’s centerpiece is the propulsive “Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger,” which samples Edwin Birdsong’s “Cola Bottle Baby.”
7068	The allegations were deemed unfounded, the review committee wrote.
7069	The all inclusive system is a good idea because it tells the developers they can make games utilizing both controller types without alienating consumers who may not have the peripherals to support the game.
7070	The all-law that money can buy?
7071	The Alzheimer's community had worried last year after the failure of several very promising drugs that the pharmaceutical industry would back away from Alzheimer's drug research.
7072	The AMA has officially recognized obesity as a disease.
7073	The American Civil Liberties Union called for a special prosecutor to investigate Bush after he admitted to authorizing the CIA to waterboard Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the mastermind of the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
7074	The Americans are coming!"
7075	The American tradition of advocates speaking anonymously to influence public policy discussions dates to Alexander Hamilton, James Madison and John Jay penning the Federalist Papers under the pseudonym Publius.
7076	The Angels' bullpen wasted a two-run lead as the club lost its second straight and dropped to 8-12 at home.
7077	The animal, which was acting agressively toward campers, was was taken from the campground Saturday and later confirmed to have rabies, Town Manager Aaron Chrostowsky said in a statement.
7078	"The announcement of his death was through no fault of his own," he said, detailing their response.
7079	The announcement of the Quarter Quell, another games in which all the surviving tributes must participate, is even more soul-crushing and anger-inducing.
7080	The answer: Aside from the difficulty of a North Korean ship entering an American or U.S. ally's harbor, such an action would be a pre-emptive strike, and that would be suicidal.
7081	"The answer is everyone does, and we all want therefore that our part of the image is the dominant one.
7082	The Aphrodite gas field, named after the goddess of love, can help propel Cyprus out of its present dire economic situation.
7083	The Apple Phone Next.
7084	The AppRiver report also noted that smartphones running Google's Android operating system account for more than 90 percent of all mobile-device malware.
7085	The appropriation of Native American imagery for sports mascots has become a hot-button issue of late, with most of the focus settling on the Washington Redskins.
7086	The AP was unable to determine whether Mohammed ever read the famous novel.
7087	The AR-15 he used was already banned in California since 1990 and he went to a "Gun Free Zone" to shoot more people.
7088	The Arab Spring now seems more akin to the Thirty Years’ War than the fall of the Berlin Wall.
7089	The area also is popular among photographers and tourists seeking some of the most expansive views in Colorado.
7090	The arena has a basement and stairwells that can accommodate everyone at the event in case of a tornado, according to Hampton.
7091	The arm was wrapped in a bag and McKenny was quickly driven to the hospital in Shawville, then to Montreal.
7092	The Army Corps of Engineers today began releasing 30,000 acre-feet of water from Canton Lake into the North Canadian River, according to a news release from the city of Oklahoma City.
7093	The army has been sent into lavatory paper factories, fights for basic foodstuffs have resulted in several deaths and new multi-million-dollar oil tankers sit idle in dock.
7094	The Army plans to pay for the Pierce County readiness center with money from several other construction projects that came in under budget, according to an Army bid request.
7095	The article says that technology helps, though no gadget is a replacement for solid, determined staff members.
7096	The Assad regime gets arms from Iran.
7097	The assembly itself is the part of the government," the president reportedly told Igga.
7098	The Associated Press released its most recent rankings poll on Monday and Michigan is currently ranked No. 25 with 86 points.
7099	The attackers stole a backpack, which was later found by the K-9 unit.
7100	The attack "will force the government to revisit its priorities," Hashi said by email.
7101	The auction proved to be a great success with proceeds over $1300.
7102	The Austrian is chasing her 35th slalom victory — more than any other female skier.
7103	The authority's decision was appealed by the Bluefield Regional Medical Center, Plateau Medical Center, Greenbrier Medical Center, Quality Mobile Imaging Inc., Wheeling Hospital, Raleigh General Hospital and Logan Regional Medical Center.
7104	The authority will have 10 board directors seven of whom will be appointed for a three-year period by the president through a competitive process.
7105	The author of the Easy Rawlins novels, most recently, “Little Green,” says that in a great mystery, “the crime being investigated reveals a deeper rot.”
7106	The author of the piece, Mark Alexander, has been an adviser to President Obama and U.S. Sen. Cory Booker, D-N.
7107	The authors of the CIBC report also predict that, unless they build up their savings, young adults face at least a 20 per cent drop in their standard of living once they retire.
7108	The average analyst estimate had called for earnings of US$3.2 billion.
7109	The average annual holiday taken by UK entrepreneurs was 21.4 days per year, the highest apart from Germany.
7110	The average income for an Arab-American household exceeds the average for all U.S. households by about $4,500, according to a U.S. Census Bureau survey released in May.
7111	The average yield rate for the 10 schools on the list was 77 percent.
7112	The award is offered annually to Caribbean residents under 35. All areas of scholarship in the field of cultural studies, including the creative arts, may be pursued.
7113	The baby will be third in line for the British throne, behind Prince Charles and William, and is anticipated eventually to become king or queen.
7114	The back-and-forth stems from Rubio's public cautions against haste on immigration.
7115	The bamboo sticks are used so they don't mar the bones as they scrape away the years.
7116	The band, which plays a modern mix of southern and roots rock, has been together since high school.
7117	The bank is known for tithing 10-percent of its pre-tax profits to Christian and local charities.
7118	The bank's expansion into Go-Marts quadruples the number of nonbranch Huntington ATMs in the state, according to the company.
7119	The Barry Apple Festival committee has been asking for public input on the best day to start the Apple Festival celebration.
7120	The bar's owner Dave Meinert told Seattle's KIRO Radio that the original post was mainly a joke, but that he has concerns about the implications of such a device being used in the public and at his bar.
7121	The baseball season is in full swing despite weekend weather more associated with football.
7122	The B.C. Liberals have further narrowed the gap and now trail the NDP by six points, according to an Ipsos Reid poll.
7123	The beaches are t..
7124	The beachfront will be open by Memorial Day; however, a one-mile section of boardwalk lost from Melrose Terrance south to Brighton Avenue will not be repaired by this summer.
7125	The behavior is really the issue in this.
7126	"The best analogy I can give you is the equivalent of sometimes driving a car, you know.
7127	• The best part about Kelly Olynyk's All-America caliber season at Gonzaga is that it was the result of something we rarely see these days -- delayed gratification.
7128	The best thing for Sen. McConnell to do would be to take one for the team and simply retire.
7129	The best way to do that is to use the military might that he commands," said Lee Yoon Gyu, a North Korea expert at Korea National Defense University in Seoul.
7130	The big airlines usually get a 30 percent to 40 percent discount," he said.
7131	The big changes are coming on offense, where coach Marc Trestman is trying to fix the passing game.
7132	The Big East will collapse in 2014.
7133	The bigger picture is an almost paperless society eventually falling to an electronic..
7134	The bigger question, Cvitanich said, revolves around the building process and whether the district’s – and taxpayer’s – money was properly spent.
7135	The bigger question is since we know it’s a rigged game, what are we going to do in response?
7136	The bigger the game, the better Cunningham played for the Eagles, who won their second consecutive Eastern B championship.
7137	The biggest obstacle to the bid is its failure to guarantee the presence of Major League Baseball (MLB) players.
7138	The big reasons for the difference in income and wealth were the decisions they made: what sort of work they did, how they spent their money and generally how they lived.
7139	The bill passed the lower house of Congress in August and was assured of approval because the ruling coalition controls both chambers.
7140	The bill simply calls for SNAP's purchasing standards to align with those of the nutritional program for Women, Infants, and Children – essentially removing junk food from the program.
7141	The bill was rushed through the State Duma in the second and third reading on Friday, days after a deadly bus bombing killed six people in southern Russia and months ahead of the Games in the Black Sea resort seen as the Kremlin’s showcase project.
7142	The bill would repeal the 0.145 cents-per-kilowatt-hour charge that Mainers now pay on their electricity bills to fund efficiency programs.
7143	The birth of a future monarch added to British sports successes at Wimbledon, the Tour de France cycling race and in the Ashes cricket competition.
7144	The birth was a collaboration between the Montgomery Zoo and the Cincinnati Zoo’s Center for Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife, where Dr. Monica Stoops, a reproductive physiologist, pioneered the technique.
7145	The Bitariho family of Gorham includes Alain Bitariho, his wife Mia Ntahobari and children (from left) Mathieu, Jacob, Nathalie, Joseph and Megan.
7146	The Black Bears move up in national rankings to 14th by The Sports Network and 17th in the Coaches poll.
7147	The blasts occurred in Taiyuan, the capital of Shanxi province, police said in a post on Weibo, a Twitter-like microblog platform.
7148	The Bloomberg Poll was conducted Dec. 7 to 10 by Selzer and Company of Des Moines with 1,000 adults and has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points.
7149	“The board believes the proposal is unnecessary.”
7150	The board members were also briefed on new developments and innovations in Career Technical Education (CTE).
7151	The board special committee has said it believed Blackstone’s proposal could be more lucrative than the deal struck with Michael Dell and Silver Lake.
7152	The board won’t take a final vote to implement the reductions until June.
7153	The body of a hill walker has been found in the Scottish Highlands following a mountain rescue search, police have said.
7154	The book drew attention for focusing less on fond memories of "Leave It to Beaver" and more on Bank's sexual escapades.
7155	The book is full of sloth factoids (did you know that sloths move so slowly that camouflaging algae grows on their backs?) All of the profits from book sales will be donated to Pool’s organization, the Green Heritage Fund Suriname.
7156	The boom in gas and oil extracted from shale rock found around the world, but especially in North America, has slashed energy costs for many consumers.
7157	"The bottom line is our roads are in the worst shape that they've been in in a long time," said Sen. Robert Plymale, D-Wayne.
7158	"The bottom line is that the stress of obesity on your cardiovascular system is always there," Zinman said.
7159	The bottom line is that without its chief protagonist, Chavismo will ultimately wither away over time.
7160	The bottom line is there's just much more momentum to deal with these headwinds.
7161	The bottom line: The Sony Xperia Z makes sense if a water-resistant design and excellent photos are a priority, but skip it if you demand blazingly fast performance and long battery life.
7162	The bottom of Lake Havasu, for instance.
7163	The boxing program teaches kids how to channel their energy into a positive activity in a safe space.
7164	The boy was rushed to Trillium Health Centre but did not survive.
7165	The boy, who had multiple lacerations on his head, was treated and released from the hospital, police said.
7166	The British Bankers' Association had supervised the rate-setting for LIBOR since the 1980s, working with information from a group of banks.
7167	The Broadway League said the lights would be darkened for one minute on Wednesday night.
7168	The Broncos disputed Magid's version, and say the signed contract arrived six minutes late.
7169	The Brotherhood appointed a new leader after Badie's arrest Tuesday.
7170	The Bruins skated for about 30 minutes Friday afternoon in preparation for the 5:30 p.m. start for Game 5. Julien said he wanted his players to work up a good sweat, even with the late finish Thursday night.
7171	The Bruins were the third-best defensive team in the regular season.
7172	The Brumbies had earlier taken advantage of Morne Mellet being yellow-carded by referee Jonathon White for constantly collapsing the scrum, to stymie the visitors’ second half momentum and slot two penalties.
7173	The budget announced a one per cent increase in provincial sales tax to go entirely to infrastructure spending across the province, but Katz said he had hoped to see more funding going to infrastructure.
7174	The building is about 10 blocks from the site of a 2007 fire that killed 10 people, including 8 children.
7175	The buildup to Obama's speech has been relentless, as the White House seeks to get past a rough start to his second term, which has been dominated by a series of thorny domestic and foreign issues.
7176	The Bulldogs made only one basket in the first four minutes.
7177	The Bundesbank, Germany's central bank, has seen just a single woman on its board in the 56 years of its existence.
7178	The bureau also said that statistics showed that the age of AIDS patients was dropping, adding that the alarming figures in Greater Tainan are just a small representation of a nationwide problem.
7179	The Bureau of Land Management has 125 firefighters, 20 engines, eight dozers, six air tankers and a Type I and Type 2 management teams are on their way.
7180	The bureau’s efforts to attract more tourists with food prepared and cooked in accordance with Islamic and Judaic teachings, or halal food, appear to have paid off.
7181	The bus driver, Charles Albert Poland Jr., 66, was hailed by locals as a hero who gave his life to protect the 21 students aboard the bus.
7182	The bust by deputies assigned to the Major Violators Unit of the Kern County Sheriff's Office happened around noon Tuesday at the Travelers Lodge on Oak Street.
7183	The Cairo Ultras staged several raucous protests in recent days, temporarily shutting down subway lines and threatening the Egyptian stock exchange, foreshadowing their wrath in the event the Port Said fans were acquitted.
7184	The camera alternately jostles during an unnerving confrontation or glides as if it were itself a spirit.
7185	“The Canadian space community is really a small family — and enabling all of them, because of the talents that are there and trying to find the right resources, at the right time, to make the right investments, that’s my job,” he said Thursday.
7186	The Canadians would have been considered a failure if they had finished anywhere but first place in that tournament.
7187	The Canadiens found out Monday defenseman Alexei Emelin will miss the rest of the season because of a torn knee ligament suffered in a collision with Boston's Milan Lucic on Saturday.
7188	The Canucks captain rifled a shot that went off Daniel Sedin for a goal that was just Vancouver's fifth on power play all season.
7189	The Capitol has officially announced the victors of the 74th Annual Hunger Games and launched the Victory Tour with two new posters featuring Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark.
7190	The caption: 'You don't get here by playing it safe.
7191	The capture of alleged al-Qaeda operative Abu Anas al-Libi by American forces last weekend in Tripoli raises a range of troubling questions.
7192	The Cardinals embarrassed the Los Angeles Dodgers, 9-0, behind the latest dazzling performance by rookie starter Michael Wacha, but this game belonged to Beltran.
7193	The case "is not about whether you approve or disapprove of Wall Street," she added.
7194	The case is Tummino et al v. Hamburg et al, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 13-1690.
7195	The case of Saipem, ENI and SNC Lavalin surfaced because of a diligent judiciary in Italy and Canada, and a very aggressive media system that allows reports to cover such cases and the public to know about them.
7196	The cases, heard at the High Court's Family Division, centred around two men in a civil partnership and two lesbian couples they were friends with.
7197	The cases were filed under the False Claims Act as civil cases.
7198	The cast of "Survivor: Blood vs. Water"
7199	The cause of that malfunction was never resolved.
7200	The Cavs purposely went into 2002-03 too young, a by-design gong show of rookies Carlos Boozer and Dajuan Wagner and fellow youngster Ricky Davis.
7201	The CDC said there was only one case in the United States of extensively drug-resistant TB, or XDR TB.
7202	The cells are likely to be displayed in schools, libraries and museums.
7203	The center typically deploys firefighters and resources depending on where they're needed.
7204	The central government should put down its feet and ensure that people repossess their land or are compensated according to market rates if the land has been used by districts or residents.
7205	The Chance family returns to Fox Friday for Season 4 of 'Raising Hope.'
7206	The chance to meet Junior prompted Kim Patterson to make the drive to Salt Lake from Ogden with her children.
7207	The changes at Tullamore hospital follow similar initiatives that have been introduced at other large hospital campuses including St Vincent’s and Connolly Hospital in Dublin.
7208	The changes include reduced wages for new hires, the elimination of banked sick days, and a one-year-wage wage freeze for new hires beginning 2015.
7209	The Chargers (4-3) showed little, if any, issues with a short week, a cross-country flight and an early start time.
7210	The charges include trafficking marijuana, cocaine and ecstasy, possession of marijuana for the purpose of trafficking, production of marijuana and marijuana oil, and possession of proceeds of crime.
7211	The charges were filed two days before Dylan received a French government honour at the Culture Ministry Nov. 13 but were not publicly confirmed until this week.
7212	The children scream, and I spend all night beating the rats out."
7213	"The children that grow up with Lego today will remember not only smileys but also anger and fear in the Minifigures' faces," he wrote.
7214	The Chi photos, though, are not her first encounter with paparazzi -- which tracked her during her long courtship with William, their engagement and their time since April 2011 as a married couple.
7215	"The choice between a coalition with the PDL or an immediate vote is the same proposal pursued obsessively by Berlusconi from the first day.
7216	The choice is between Islamists and nationalists, leaves little hope for a move towards a functioning democracy, of the type some try to make us believe now exists in other countries.
7217	The chorus will be accompanied by Maricopa Music Circle chamber orchestra.
7218	The Christian Democrats (CDU), led by Hesse's incumbent premier, Volker Bouffier (pictured above), were confirmed as the strongest party in the state on Sunday, with preliminary official results giving them 38.3 percent of the vote.
7219	The Christmas Day attacks brought the total number of people killed so far this month in Iraq to 426. According to U.N. estimates, more than 8,000 people have been killed since the start of the year.
7220	The Chromecast and the mobile device just need to be operating on the same Wi-Fi network.
7221	The circumstances surrounding his leaving aren't entirely clear.
7222	The citizens of Charlotte need to know that they have an ear and a voice.”
7223	The city and county threatened to pull their part in the festival's funding but agreed to continue supporting Multifest after safeguards were put in place by the new board of directors.
7224	The city council's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Thomas Chirwa has disclosed that central Government has funded the construction of a fence around the Mchengautuwa dumping site while efforts to open a new one elsewhere are underway.
7225	The city estimates it could cost more than $50 million to provide equivalent benefits for the 13.
7226	The city explains this is actually a bargain.
7227	The city, in an attempt to save a few bucks, has classified him for the purpose of benefits as a seasonal or part-time employee when, in fact, he worked full-time hours."
7228	The City of Coos Bay’s collection crew will be conducting maintenance of a storm sewer system which is aligned underneath a portion of N. Broadway Street (HWY 101 south bound).
7229	The city of Mountain Home and parks and recreation are not responsible for any damages or injuries to dogs or owners during this event.
7230	The city plans to conduct an analysis of the property, "including conducting destructive testing as appropriate," according to the letter.
7231	The city says they likely will be because they are not’t paying county water rates and would save money.
7232	The city's new prescription takeback program is promoted as an alternative to throwing pills in unsecured trash bins, flushing them down the toilet or storing them after they expire.
7233	The city's response to the bombing had revealed its strength and brotherhood, attributes she was certain would carry it through.
7234	The city was battered by Hezbollah rocket fire during a war in the summer of 2006.
7235	The city will advertise the police chief position immediately.
7236	The classic 'A Christmas Story' turns 30. See what the cast members are up to now.
7237	The class teacher Lucy says that she has personally benefitted from its therapeutic nature.
7238	The clause comes from the man who came up with the very idea of the Hall of Fame itself: Alexander Cleland, an immigrant from Scotland who worked for Stephen Clark, a wealthy lawyer who grew up in Cooperstown.
7239	The cleric, who has been described as a key al-Qaida operative in Europe, was arrested in London on Friday following a series of raids by counterterrorism police.
7240	The clerk's response: "Well, one day you may be in the history books."
7241	The Clippers are being bogged down by murmurs of Stan Van Gundy replacing Vinny Del Negro, with meaningless debates about whether they should hang a division championship banner, with attacks on Chris Paul's leadership.
7242	The Clippers' Chris Paul, Golden State's Stephen Curry, Denver's Andre Iguodala, the Hornets' Roger Mason, Jr. and the Clippers' Willie Green are vice-presidents.
7243	The Clippers rallied at the end of the period, scoring seven in a row, punctuated by Barnes' three-pointer that beat the buzzer to trail 75-72.
7244	The clips do nothing to address a house's key structural weakness: doors and windows.
7245	The closest most of us will get to a Pulitzer -- Joseph Pulitzer, founder of the journalism award, is interred here.
7246	The club, he said, “is a major employer and an important member of the community, and I will work with them and the National Park Service to get past this bureaucratic hurdle.”
7247	The club opens the season again hoping to find a centre for Iginla on the right wing.
7248	The club said they wanted to stamp out slurs against race, religion, sexual orientation, gender and disability.
7249	The coalition plans to assign chairmanship of the committee dealing with gun policy to Sen. Mike Padden, a Spokane Valley Republican with an A+ rating from the National Rifle Association, which generally opposes restrictions.
7250	The coiuntries in the area need to work on their internal conflicts before any hope for what we consider basic freeoms are gone.
7251	The collection of stereotypes held on either side of the French-German border is the product of a survey conducted on behalf of the German Embassy in Paris by the French public research institute IFOP.
7252	The comedian is accused of insulting Islam and undermining the standing of Mursi, a Muslim Brotherhood politician freely elected last June.
7253	The commercial makes Christie's size a campaign issue, and he acknowledges struggling with his weight throughout adulthood.
7254	The commercials will air in Washington through Jan. 14 and in five other cities: Waco, Texas; Roanoke, Va.; Denver; Binghamton, N.Y.; and Milwaukee.
7255	The commissioners approved the hiring of Dustin Bryant as a deputy, effective yesterday, October 1, and Austin Bays as humane officer / process service, also effective from the same date.
7256	The commission’s report for a long-term solution to the county jail system’s financial and governance woes is due Dec. 4, and it’s set to meet three more times in November before finalizing its recommendations.
7257	The committee also says there is too little public information about finances at individual academy level.
7258	The Commonwealth Fund report ranked West Virginia tied with Nevada for 41st among the states and the District of Columbia.
7259	"The communication is still very limited in many areas in southern Leyte, so there is real difficulty if you're asking for some updates on what happened to families or relatives."
7260	The Communist Party redesigned it with only one purpose - to serve politics on a grand scale.
7261	The community has begun an educational fund for Stauffer's children and a drive for other expenses.
7262	The community meeting that was scheduled for April 22 was postponed due to inclement weather.
7263	The company announced the contract early Monday morning, even before Gov. Jerry Brown learns whether federal judges will grant his request for a three-year delay in the courts' orders to cap the prison population.
7264	The company develops chips for smartphones, feature phones and other consumer electronics products, supporting 2G, 3G and 4G wireless communications standards.
7265	The company finally launched Office apps for iPhone and Android phones in June.
7266	The company gave out review units at a press event earlier today, and I'll spend a few days using it before giving a full-on review.
7267	The company has been stabilized and has been pulled back from the edge, and it is poised for growth in production which will no doubt redound to the benefit of the people of T&T."
7268	The company has been using the “quietly brilliant” slogan since October 2009.
7269	The company has spent significant sums to develop the Silent Eagle variant of the F-15 and has cultivated strong ties to South Korean industry.
7270	The company, in which China Aerospace Science and Technology Corp. has an equity interest, is China's only authorized provider of commercial satellite launch services to the global market, the official media said.
7271	The company is now allowing developers to submit programs that will reach scores more countries than before.
7272	The company owns sugar mills, a packaging plant and transport fleet but 85 percent of the cane area it uses in South Africa is in the hands of communities.
7273	The company plans to keep about 4,400 jobs in Decatur, where it's been headquartered for 44 years, and make the central Illinois city its North American headquarters.
7274	The company recalled those products in 2012.
7275	The company's 45 percent fall in overall second-quarter profit was mainly due to lower margins in North America, as well as weakness in Latin America.
7276	The company said the launch of new models was the best way of dealing with the weak demand in certain markets.
7277	The company said the recalled beef products all have the establishment number "EST. 208A" inside the USDA mark of inspection.
7278	The company's faux food array included petit fours, chocolates and croissants.
7279	The company specialise in sourcing the best aircraft charter solutions for your specific needs.
7280	The company, which is taking on 800 new apprentices this year, said it will offer nationally recog.
7281	The company, which makes digital-charting software, sold $8.2 million shares for $31 each.
7282	The company, which makes radio-frequency identification (RFID) products and bar code printers, moved the date from June 10 to October 10, according to a regulatory filing Monday.
7283	The company will not disclose subscriber numbers and whether or not demand has increased during the recent cable battle.
7284	The competition here, it is cut throat right now and some of these guys haven't been through anything like that before.
7285	The complainant alleged that he paid the sum of N60 million through Skye Bank, Olu Obansanjo Road branch, Port Harcourt, to Barrister Owuru for a property located on Nzimiro Street, Amadi flat, Port Harcourt.
7286	The completely curated activities and cheesy over-the-top theatrical tone of a cruise relegates to steerage in the ranks of traveling.
7287	"The computer record reflects only that we offered reimbursement for one night's hotel accommodation," says Botticelli.
7288	The condos she saw in Manhattan meant spending big bucks for small quarters.
7289	The conduct of the Secretary of State's agents in falsifying the room clearance certificate is corrupt and truly shocking.
7290	The Confederations Cup will be the second FIFA-accredited competition in which the technology will be used to determine disputed goal-line incidents.
7291	The confrontations are often aggressive, which is entirely appropriate from the perspective of the police officer: The person might be carrying.
7292	The Congressional Scorecard began in 2012.
7293	The connection to the homicide investigation wasn't immediately clear, and police eventually left the scene.
7294	The consensus view is that, when the Fed lowered the Federal Funds rate in 2003 for a year, that set off the housing boom.
7295	The consequences can be traumatic.
7296	The conservative Liberal Party is in the opposition in the provincial parliament but led a coalition victory to win back the national government in elections last month.
7297	"The Constitutional Court's verdict contributed to the surge in the yield in a context of a generalised rise," Filipe Silva, public debt manager at Banco Carregosa, told AFP.
7298	The Consumer Bankers Association issued a statement saying banks value both informing customers about products and improving financial literacy.
7299	The contest marked the longest playoff game the Cardinals organization has ever played, and the longest for the Dodgers since 1916.
7300	The contract gained 37 cents to settle at $106.32 on Monday.
7301	The contract jumped $2.25, or 2.5 percent, to finish at $91.
7302	The convenience of "mobile money" was supposed to be a next big thing for the American consumer, but it doesn't look like that's happening any time soon.
7303	The coordination between the city's officials, Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago and Executive Director of KCCA Jennifer Musisi, has also been a hindrance because of their constant clashes.
7304	The cost is $50 and shipping is available for an additional $8.
7305	The cost of food will go very high, out of reach of the common people," Muyambi warns.
7306	The cost of the venture is expected to exceed $1 billion.
7307	The Cougars will finally return to the bowls on Saturday, playing in the New Mexico Bowl.
7308	The council voted to raise the city's return check fee from $10 to $25, effective immediately.
7309	The country's top bull riders will compete for cash this weekend at Credit Union Centre in Saskatoon.
7310	The County Prosecutors Capital Review Committee is set to determine whether the case is appropriate to attach a death penalty specification when the indictment process is complete, McGinty said, according to the report.
7311	The couple are now in a care home in Hayward arranged by the state, Burton Nash said.
7312	The couple desperately wanted a fourth child, but the mother couldn't have any more babies.
7313	The couple had a large lot, with plenty of space for a big rear addition, but decided against it.
7314	The couple's "decree nisi," or initial divorce decree, is due to be pronounced July 31.
7315	The courier, Oluwafunke Akinnoye, was intercepted by officers of the Nigeria Customs Service last January at the E wing of Murtala Mohammed International Airport as she prepared to board an Emirates flight to China, for failure to declare the huge sum.
7316	The court's decision stops that from happening.
7317	The cover is meant to shield against micrometeorite strikes.
7318	The CPSC also received 92 reports of infants hanging or falling over the side of the recliners, including some children who were restrained in the product's harness.
7319	"The crack in Rana Plaza that caused the collapse of the building has only shown us that if we don't face up to the cracks in our state systems, we as a nation will get lost in the debris of the collapse,'' he added.
7320	The Crew will be looking to avenge a 2-1 loss at BMO Field last month in which Toronto scored two late goals to capture its first win at their home stadium in more than a year.
7321	The crime scene is not far from Evergreen Elementary School, and the sheriff’s office established its command post there.
7322	The criminal trial, civil suit, fraud hearing and investigation continue.
7323	The Cubs could try to add more space through another trade before making all of the deals official but seemed likely to overshoot MLB’s limit regardless – which carries less penalties than apply in the draft (when future draft picks are at risk).
7324	The current effort by Rep. Steve Smith to recoup the costs of health care and educational services for undocumented immigrants brings to mind the old saying “straining at a gnat and swallowing a camel.”
7325	“The current nine-month reading of the cumulative deficit points to a moderate outperformance versus the $26 billion target announced in the federal fiscal update,” he said in a commentary.
7326	The customers in Crema and the Albion Corner Store may be miles apart in their views, but they have something in common: They are representative of the public debate over the governor.
7327	The Daily Nation criticises the MPs for amending the law at night, a practice which was initially meant for police and intelligence matters.
7328	The Daily Rundown’s Chuck Todd previews the president’s scheduled speech at Georgetown University, in which he will attempt to restart the conversation on climate change.
7329	The data-conversion problem eventually delayed jobless benefits for nearly 150,000 Californians.
7330	The daughter of former Toronto Maple Leaf and CityNews sportscaster Jim McKenny has tragically been killed in a car accident in Australia.
7331	"The day the party fell out of love with the coalition", wrote Liberator magazine after so many of our MPs defied Lib Dem policy and trooped through the lobbies to support the Justice and Security Bill.
7332	The dead shrimp appeared in Coronel, about 330 miles (530 kilometers) south of the capital, Santiago.
7333	The deal meant processors would pay $3 a pound for canners and $3.50 for market lobster.
7334	The deal requires the approval of shareholders in both companies, as well as the sanction of the Irish High Court.
7335	The deal the U.S. orchestrated with Iran to temporarily freeze its nuclear program, despite three decades of animosity, is a stark reminder of the impasse in negotiations with Pyongyang.
7336	The death prompted a city review of airport security that led to Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police taking command instead of airport authorities.
7337	The debate centers on sexual services provided by employees of usually low-end massage parlors or hair salons, advertised to customers with colorful phrases such as "hitting the airplane" and "breast massage."
7338	The debt crisis is doing visible damage even without a default.
7339	The decision grated with the mostly Sunni Muslim opposition that is fighting Assad, who is from the minority Alawite sect that has dominated Syrian politics for more than four decades.
7340	The Deerfield man could have been sentenced to as much as three years in prison following his conviction for the October 2012 DUI — which marked the fourth time he has been arrested on drunken driving charges.
7341	The Defense Department has acknowledged that human remains were not in fact arriving on that day.
7342	The delegation is appreciative of the support, as The Analyst reports.
7343	The deluxe edition of the set includes a disc of bonus live tracks and a DVD of the Wings Over the World TV documentary.
7344	The democratization of access to new information and communication Technologies, combating info-exclusion, promotion and valorisation of initiatives of young entrepreneurs, scientists, researchers, inventors and artists, among others.
7345	The Dems are working furiously to prevent this from happening before the mid-terms.
7346	The Dems will oust Mitchell who is now a liability to them.
7347	The department expects more than 360 wells to be producing in the Utica this year and 1,000 in 2015.
7348	The designated successor to Chavez, Nicolas Maduro, is without a doubt also Havana's preferred candidate.
7349	The destruction of the stockpile is being led by a joint team from the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
7350	The developers behind construction projects in Germany take a very different approach.
7351	The development of community should therefore seek to enhance the social realm and relationships between people.
7352	The DGB staged a series of rallies across Germany, including one in Berlin.
7353	The Diamondbacks stuck with the kid.
7354	The difference between baseball and so-called collision sports is the rate at which concussions occur, experts said.
7355	The diocese has sued the national church in state court seeking to protect the estimated half-billion dollars of church property in those parishes that are leaving.
7356	The directors have already taken a number of meetings with major investors that have left them pessimistic about the bid’s prospects, and now believe that a major shareholder advisory firm is poised to recommend a rejection of the takeover.
7357	The disaster plan for the Ministry also includes securing government buildings, ensuring that damage assessment teams are prepared, and the enforcement of the country’s building code.
7358	The document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission aims to allow the potential sale of the 37.1 million Disney shares in Lucas's trust.
7359	The documents were stolen but later retrieved.
7360	The Dodgers, who managed only seven runs in the three games, won’t be the last lineup humbled by the Giants’ staff this season.
7361	The dog also has a spinal injury, a pelvic fracture and a severely fractured elbow that will require amputation.
7362	"The Dogwood Festival is a huge event that will not only offer something for car enthusiasts, but will also have music, food and shopping for the spectators," said Mindi Artherton, chamber executive director.
7363	The dollar rose against other major currencies on Wednesday following an unexpectedly strong increase in U.S. retail sales last month.
7364	The dollar rose against the euro and the Japanese yen.
7365	The Dolphins just have to play four full quarters at home on Sunday then hope the referees don't decide to make themselves the story.
7366	The Doobie Brothers come Oct. 13 at 7:30 p.m. The band will perform contemporary material from their 2010 release "World Gone Crazy" as well as some of its better-known hits like "Black Water" and "Listen to the Music."
7367	The Dos Hombres in the Redlands is now closed for remodeling and isn't expected to open until April 9th.
7368	The DOT says they plan to spend the next few weeks and months milling and resurfacing the highway from Hiawatha Boulevard to Route 48.
7369	The doubling of the sponsorship period to 20 years is another move designed to prevent welfare benefits from going to sponsored elderly immigrants.
7370	The Dow is up 6 percent this year.
7371	The Dow Jones Industrial Average and Standard & Poor's 500 each closed at record highs when the bell rang to close trading at 4 p.m. in New York.
7372	The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 0.8 percent at 14,550.35.
7373	The Dow Jones industrial average, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq all ended little changed Friday.
7374	"The downside of that is that it's not the real world, it's on a computer, and it doesn't always give you the true answers."
7375	The driver felt threatened, got out of the car and that's when the passenger allegedly climbed into the driver's seat and drove off.
7376	The driver of the train, Francisco Jose Garzon Amo, who stands accused of causing the accident, was provisionally charged Sunday with multiple cases of negligent homicide and released on bail.
7377	The driver of the van was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, according to police.
7378	The driver who was killed was identified by coroner's investigators as Victor Porta.
7379	The drug-use allegations are the latest in a string of scandals for the mayor, who has been chided for ignoring city work to coach high school football and was briefly ordered out of office last year after he was found guilty of conflict of interest.
7380	The drumbeat of news about performance-enhancing drugs in baseball continued Wednesday, with Detroit Tigers shortstop Jhonny Peralta and Seattle Mariners catcher Jesus Montero the latest names to emerge.
7381	The duo is detained at Ganda police post.
7382	The duo missed the opening 2-2 match against Rhino Rangers at the Ali Hassan Mwinyi Stadium in Tabora last Saturday, after they failed to secure International Transfer Certificate (ITC) from their former club Vital 'O' of Burundi.
7383	“The Dutch police and public prosecution haven’t confirmed yet that the paintings have been burned so we cannot confirm either,” a Kunsthal spokeswoman said.
7384	The DVDs, he says, were "essentially about black America, and how the IRS is part of an evil regime."
7385	The Eagles led 1-0 in the top of the sixth before Kennebunk scored four in the bottom of the inning.
7386	The earnest film keeps the viewers' interest as the events in Japan following Hirohito's surrender are inherently compelling.
7387	The Eastlake starting pitcher is on a “need-to-know basis,” Chandler said, and the coaches aren’t too concerned that their players don’t know much at all about their opponent.
7388	The ECB is exploring ways to ease lending to smaller businesses in the hardest-hit peripheral countries of the euro zone.
7389	The Edmonton Oilers have had trouble on the power play since their first meeting with the Colorado Avalanche.
7390	The eggs and sperm can be fused in vitro to produce a healthy yamame salmon, he told AFP.
7391	The elder Trembly said trees blocked his view of what happened.
7392	The election was marred by violence in the southern port city of Karachi, the northwest and in the southwestern province of Baluchistan.
7393	The electrical grid will get taken down!
7394	The electronics maker says it has developed the "world's first" adaptive array transceiver, boding well for connections speeds far superior to those of today's 4G networks.
7395	The Elmira-Corning Regional Airport is only served by U.S. Airways.
7396	The embrace was a light moment in what was mostly a hostile atmosphere.
7397	The endeavor was announced Thursday by the GAVI Alliance, a public-private partnership that's worked with drugmakers to deliver affordable vaccines to poor countries to treat childhood illnesses that are big killers.
7398	The endgame: Arming Syrian rebels - Video on NBCNews.
7399	The ending felt achingly similar, too.
7400	The energy gets better every day."
7401	The Energy, Water and Sanitation Authority (EWSA) attributes the shortage to "irresponsible and excessive" use of water and the dry season amid rising demand mostly in the City of Kigali.
7402	The entire Columbia River Crossing project is very much a work in progress for both Gov. Inslee and Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber, who is looking for funding from his Legislature.
7403	The entire political class is caught in the frenzy for political survival.
7404	The entire team takes their cue from him," Meulens said.
7405	The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has long warned that burning waste — even organic refuse like brush or tree branches — is dangerous.
7406	The equine mural supporters hope to capture this aspect of Ramona.
7407	The errors began in late May, when the crime lab calibrated one of the machines it uses to analyze blood samples but didn’t save one data point in the software, according to the Register.
7408	The European Union, Hylton said, had also met with ministry officials last week to discuss a possible role in the unfolding project.
7409	The euro skidded to a six-week low against the dollar, as European stock markets joined the Asian selloff.
7410	The event included plane rides and close-up views of a variety of passenger and military fighter aircraft.
7411	The event on Tuesday evening attracted more than 60 local residents.
7412	The event, presented by Nashville-based publishing company LifeWay Christian Resources, is set for 9:30 a.m. to 4:15 p.m. Saturday.
7413	The eventual arrival of government's emergency team added some fillip to the efforts of the youths.
7414	The event will feature food, soft drinks, raffle prizes and music.
7415	The ex-DEA heads say they disagree with that view.
7416	The experts, including academics and teachers, said there should be more emphasis in the curriculum on learning through play.
7417	The extradition of high-level allies of former Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo from Ghana back to their home country, including a most recent one on 5 February, has brought renewed scrutiny to the Ivorian judiciary.
7418	The extra funding means the UK has now provided £89.5m in aid for Syria.
7419	The F-35 is the cornerstone of the latest aircraft technology for the military.
7420	The FAA is rethinking the ban on some electronics during takeoff and landing.
7421	The face of Marks & Spencer's AW11 / 12 campaign, and Dolce & Gabbana's 'Light Blue' fragrance - internationally renowned male model David Gandy - has been announced as the first ambassador for the UK's Battersea Dogs & Cats Home.
7422	The face of the man in the brittle, yellowed newspaper clipping was smiling.
7423	The fact is the democrat base is incapable of running their own lives.
7424	The factory uses Shs 10m worth of water from National Water and Sewerage Corporation (NWSC) per month, and currently employs 220 workers.
7425	The facts reported by both the referee and the match commissioner were grave.
7426	“The fact that 30 years later, despite all of the reforming, the gains are so modest, they ought to serve to energize and even panic today’s policymakers,” he said.
7427	The fact that "Joe" was already sprouting a crest bump so young suggests that Parasaurolophus started growing its crest earlier than other duck-billed dinosaurs.
7428	The failings related to a period leading up to spring 2012 and Lloyds previously said that it had been surprised by the volume of complaints it had needed to process and it has worked to clean up its act, leaving no-one permanently out of pocket.
7429	The fair occupies an area of 3.4 hectares, covering five pavilions as large as a thousand to five thousand square metres each.
7430	The fair opens on Saturday.
7431	The Falcons will duel at state with the one-two punch of Emerald Ridge seniors CaroLyne Schmidt and Elizabeth Clemens.
7432	The false widow (Steatoda nobilis) is about the size of a 50p coin and is the most venomous of the dozen or so species of biting spider known in Britain.
7433	The families of murder victims are encouraged by authorities to accept blood money instead of insisting on execution.
7434	The Family Enrichment Network is once again providing meals to local children during the summer months.
7435	The family has released a statement decrying conditions inside the prison, saying the men have been beaten and are living in cockroach-infested cells with no access to clean drinking water.
7436	The family of James Foley says he went missing in Syria more than one month ago while covering the civil war there.
7437	The family returned to Spencer in time for Gavin to begin his eighth-grade year with some of the familiar faces from Lincoln Elementary.
7438	The family will receive friends Tuesday, May 14, 2012 from 6:00 pm (CDT) until service time at 7:00 pm (CDT) at Word of Truth UPC Church.
7439	'The fans in Seattle are so supportive and genuine.'
7440	The fans were supportive of me.
7441	The FA’s 150th birthday is next week, 26 October.
7442	The "Fashion World of Jean Paul Gaultier" exhibit at the Dutch port's Kunsthal gallery, which opens Sunday, traces about 35 years of the designer's avant-garde creations.
7443	The fat rats stand to loose some cheese in a default.
7444	The FBI dubbed the suspect the Tall Man Bandit due to his height.
7445	The FBI said he was an anthropology and gender studies professor at the University of Southern California until 2011.
7446	The FDA is scheduled to make a decision on whether to approve Perjeta for early-stage breast cancer by Oct. 31.
7447	The Feb. 12 editorial treating millions wasted by administrative incompetence as a characteristic of government bureaucracy is unfair.
7448	The federal appeals court is seeking New York answers on two specific questions: What factors determine whether an employee is an agent of the company?
7449	The federal government notes that excluded from the Canada–EU trade deal, as in all of Canada's free-trade agreements, are sectors such as education and health-care services.
7450	The federal government says it can't provide detailed information on people who make repeated employment insurance claims in New Brunswick.
7451	The Federal Reserve is closely monitoring the labor market as it mulls plans to draw down a major economic stimulus program in which it buys long term bonds to keep borrowing costs low.
7452	The Federation of Canadian Municipalities has struck a committee to make rail safety recommendations to the federal government. more »
7453	The feedback will be presented to city council members as they deliberate about the drought response.
7454	The fees, charged to driver’s insurance companies or an uninsured driver directly, are expected to save up to $100,000 a year.
7455	The female driver of the car was transported to Seton Hospital in Williamson County with minor injuries, officials said.
7456	The fight for the international airport in Aleppo, Syria's largest city and commercial hub, highlights the importance that both sides in the conflict place on controlling strategic assets that could provide an edge in the larger fight for the country.
7457	The filing, and particularly Detroit's attempt to negotiate with creditors, has been hotly contested by unions and other debtors in court since the trial began in October."
7458	The film begins by establishing the home life of ex-military investigator Gerry Lane (Pitt), who has a wife, Karin (Enos), and two young daughters.
7459	The Film Forum recently presented the U.S. theatrical premiere and the film is traveling to various cities listed here.
7460	The final act featuring the strange behavior of a lovelorn sleepwalker was a major letdown and concluded what had been a pretty attentive 70 minutes with a nonsensical dance party.
7461	The final could be decided when Stepanek likely meets cup rookie Dusan Lajovic in the last match of the best-of-five series.
7462	The final reading is scheduled to be published on Thursday.
7463	"The final report of the NSU committee in the Bundestag is an impressive document of self-enlightenment.
7464	The finance ministers' agreement still has to be approved by parliaments in several eurozone nations, though EU officials say everything should be done by the end of the month.
7465	The fine — $1,000 for each month the report, due in June, was late — was paid last Wednesday, according to Donna Leusner, of the state Health Department.
7466	The fire broke out at Jackson and Gray Insurance Company on Market Street in Marion.
7467	The fire reached three alarms and there was a partial roof collapse.
7468	The firm concurrently announced the addition of a RED camera to their arsenal of creative tools.
7469	The firm estimates that Apple shipped 17.7 million iPhones of all kinds to U.S. buyers in the October-to-December period, accounting for one in three new phones.
7470	The first came with Snow White in 1937, the second came with Toy Story and, O'Reilly believes, a third is just around the corner.
7471	The first couple is dealing with the change in part with the help of a new dog -- a Portuguese water dog named Sunny.
7472	The first crop last year was eaten by insects, but this year’s harvest has been a smashing success.
7473	The first elected parliament was disbanded by a court order last June and Morsi, the nation's first freely elected president, assumed his post in July.
7474	The first failure in the middle happened minutes before the end of the first half when Robles was late to a long cross and Marcus Holgersson, one of the center backs with Olave, was caught napping.
7475	The first half of Timberlake's Experience felt contented in its relationships, often celebratory; Part 2 is no less committed, but it addresses the darker, more warped impulses.
7476	The first images have emerged of a distinctly disgruntled Mohamed Morsi, placed under house arrested after being unceremoniously deposed as Egypt's first democratically elected president.
7477	The first is more attention and support from the government - we've been ignored for too long.
7478	The first meeting between the United States and Taliban is expected to be an exchange of agendas and what each side wants to talk about, followed by another meeting in a week or two.
7479	The first problem with Smith’s assessment was the five-year extension Rose signed takes him through the 2016-17 season and has no opt-out option.
7480	The first step is to admit that he has a problem, and that his life has become unmanageable.
7481	The first supermarket of the French retailer was to open at Dalma Garden Mall yet in the autumn of 2012.
7482	The first two years, I wrestled for the Grizzlies (a Gig Harbor-based freestyle club team).
7483	The fiscal cliff deal is the result of Joe Biden and Mitch McConnell rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done.
7484	The five-day trial of Mays and Richmond for the August 2012 rape of the West Virginia girl, who had come across the Ohio River for a night of partying, engulfed this old mill town in the eastern part of the state.
7485	The Flying Eagles don't get another shot at Greenbrier East in the regular season, but South Charleston does on Thursday.
7486	The focus is on the bottom four runners.
7487	The following is the address delivered by the Honourable Winston 'Gypsy' Peters, Minister of Community Development at the launch of the Best Village 50th Anniversary celebrations at Queen's Hall on Friday January 11, 2013 at Queen's Hall, St Ann's.
7488	The following Washington high-school football players signed letters of intent with FBS schools or with Ivy League or Big Sky Conference schools (Eastern Washington is not included here, but is listed on page C8).
7489	The Food and Drug Administration is warning doctors about another counterfeit version of the cancer drug Avastin distributed in the U.S., the third case involving the best-selling Roche drug in the past year.
7490	"The footprint would be too small and we wouldn't have much operational capacity with that number" for big counterterror missions, the official says.
7491	The formation of a new government in Germany will also lend fresh momentum to the FTT, with the new coalition there agreeing that its scope should extend to currencies as well.
7492	The formation of the "Glass Collective" is likely to heighten the anticipation surrounding Google Glass.
7493	The former Destructive Testing Manager, Glenn Derstine, has moved into the role of Senior Technical Advisor for Mechanical Testing.
7494	The former National Security Agency contractor abandoned his request for asylum in Russia after President Vladimir Putin said Monday that he must stop his anti-American activity.
7495	The former orphanage and child care center in Portland had a cottage on the island.
7496	The foundation that runs the RBC Heritage Presented by Boeing said in a recent news release that it transferred $2.1 million to other charities in 2013, the first year its new fundraising system was in effect.
7497	The four explained that the company was now working as a group, with country managers being jointly involved in group operations.
7498	The fourth annual "Bulldogs Back To Basics" supply drive is being called a huge success.
7499	The fourth annual University City Arts League Chili Bowl is slated for Sunday, April 7 from 1 to 5 p.m. at the Arts League, 4226 Spruce Street.
7500	The four-week walking challenge was between House of Delegates staff, Senate staff and the Governor's Office.
7501	The freedoms of the people had been eroded; education at all levels was not getting the required attention; the oil boom, instead of catalyzing the development of the country, became ironically a source of underdevelopment and a real curse to the nation.
7502	The freedom to express our emotions creatively is a primer for healing, and this documentary film is a balm and a conduit for change.
7503	The French government is redefining hashtag with a Gallic touch.
7504	The front is expected to move back north on Wednesday, allowing for the temperature to rise into the lower 80s.
7505	The fundamental reason why education is messed up is our experts keep trying to figure out wisdom and how to teach it.
7506	The future of the three-storey property will be decided on Thursday, October 31, when it goes up for auction.
7507	The gain ended a streak of four straight quarters in which Windows sales declined year-over-year.
7508	The game ends when you, not your character, run out of ammo.
7509	“The game turned against us, but we stayed patient, worked the ball and we’re able to turn it around,” said Torres, who added that he was confident his team would advance to face the winners of the tie between Real Madrid and minnows Olimpic de Xativa.
7510	The game was played in Quito, Ecuador.
7511	The game will air on TNT.
7512	The game will be broadcasted live by ESPN3 and kicks off at 6 p.m.
7513	"The gap between what we can do and what other countries can do is enormous," Obama said at DreamWorks Animation, headed by Jeffrey Katzenberg.
7514	The gap increases to 12 four minutes to the end of the game (53-65), but Tunisia tried one last hurray and returned within six (63-69).
7515	The Garfield City Council is considering changing its May non-partisan election to November to save money.
7516	The gas station owner said he lent his employee his car to drop off the $2,000 deposit at the bank.
7517	The Gastonia City Council meets at 6 p.m. Tuesday at the Gaston County Courthouse.
7518	The gauge monitors the greenback against 10 other major currencies.
7519	The general moral is that economic analysis and policy would benefit from a less credulous acceptance of each purported research finding.
7520	The generator will step up and take over in case of loss of power.
7521	The German carmaker's sales have jumped by nearly 40 percent the past two years in South Africa, where it has been present for decades.
7522	The German joint has created an amazing space that sort of makes it feel like you are living inside of a snow globe or like you are part of a Christmas tree—click through and feel the Joy.
7523	The Gig Harbor City Council held a public hearing and first reading Monday night of an interim ordinance that related to the adoption of land use and zoning regulations to allow food trucks within city limits on a one-fyear temporary basis.
7524	The Gila County Attorney's Office requested more details from the sheriff's office before accepting the case.
7525	The girls were led by Julianne Thomsen who ran 17:08, earning sixth place, her top finish of the year.
7526	The Glivec case has been closely watched by both the global pharmaceuticals industry and activists for access to affordable drugs, who say it will set a precedent.
7527	The Global Slavery Index, which covers slavery in 162 countries, defines slavery to include forced labour, forced marriage, debt bondage and bonded labour and human trafficking.
7528	The glorious revolution turned into a bloodbath, of course — the Reign of Terror — but the storming of the Bastille remains a shining moment, an enduring example of what happens when a people have had enough of their government and do something about it.
7529	The GMAT data above are correct as of April 9, 2013.
7530	The goal is to disrupt the activity.
7531	The Gop did not learn anything from these losses they are still making excuses, and it has gotten so bad that they are blaming each other so i encourage them to fight on.
7532	The Gophers, who had once been in the top 10 of the polls, closed the season in miserable fashion, losing to Nebraska, Purdue and Illinois in March.
7533	The GOP is trying to drum up public outrage over the fact that the IRS will be tasked with carrying out several provisions of the health care law, including verifying that taxpayers have health care and sticking them with a fine if they do not.
7534	The Goudhurst venue will be her second date on the forest tour, taking in Sherwood Pines in Nottinghamshire, Cannock Chase Forest in Staffordshire and Delamere Forest in Cheshire.
7535	The government also says it wants to upgrade the country's infrastructure to help the economy diversify beyond oil, making it less vulnerable to any future plunge of global oil prices.
7536	"The government and your fellow taxpayers will not be responsible for it."
7537	The government confirmed one person had been killed but said the circumstances remained unclear.
7538	The government has informally handed over security to local Kurdish militias, who are mostly neutral in the civil war, on the understanding that rebels would not launch attacks there.
7539	“The government has met the enemy and it is us - the historic American nation.”
7540	The government introduced legislation last November that will allow it to sell 60 per cent of Information Services Corp.
7541	The government is furious.
7542	The government is seeking to spread the cost of the ECO scheme from the current 27 months to four years.
7543	The government later summoned the U.S. ambassador to complain.
7544	The Government of Ghana and Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) of the United Nations (UN) have signed the Country Programming Framework (CPF), defining the priorities for collaboration in support of Ghana's national development.
7545	“The government of Japan transferred ownership from an individual to the state based on its domestic law, but once an issue involves crossing waters, it becomes a diplomatic issue,” Niwa told reporters.
7546	The government put the price tag of supplying about 62 million tons annually at $18 billion, which would make it one of the world’s largest such programs.
7547	The government said Thursday that the economy grew at an annual rate of 1.9% in the three months that ended Sept. 30, compared to 3.8% in the previous quarter.
7548	The government shutdown began Tuesday, and an estimated 800,000 workers have been furloughed without pay.
7549	The government will run out of borrowed money by February, the Treasury secretary tells Congress.
7550	The Governor-General responded by saying I will meet,” he said in an interview that aired Saturday.
7551	The governor wants to create a nonprofit corporation that would oversee so-called brownfield sites.
7552	The grains date to about 245 million years ago.
7553	The grants are underwritten by the Ann and Gordon Getty Foundation.
7554	The group estimates that as many as 70,000 Christians are imprisoned in North Korea simply for being Christian, and the act of carrying a Bible can result in execution.
7555	The group lobbied against the law, saying companies — not the government — should have the right to choose their directors.
7556	The group looks very tight and the key game is certainly us against Dortmund here," Wenger said.
7557	The group never got a chance to execute any of its plans before being arrested when one of its members took delivery of what they thought were three tonnes of fertilizer to be used in truck bombs.
7558	The group reported 63 deaths across Syria on Saturday.
7559	The group says its Gold Award is meant for people who've shown creative genius, a national reputation for excellence and devotion to the retail craft.
7560	The group's ring leader is said to be a one Sam Kakooza, who monitors police deployments and informs others where they can easily hide and rob.
7561	The group, which is fighting to topple the U.S.-backed government, regards the election as un-Islamic.
7562	The guidelines distinguish between passive panhandling, still legal, and “aggressive panhandling,” which is not.
7563	The gunmen were wearing uniforms used by the Gilgit Scouts, a paramilitary police force that patrols the area, said the interior minister.
7564	The Hagel story is contrast to that of Susan Rice.
7565	The Haitian G4/Dessalines Brigade partnership received top honors this year.
7566	The Hampstead, Md., company said Wednesday it has offered to pay $48 in cash for each share of Men's Wearhouse.
7567	The Hampton Inn Atlanta Galleria is a leading place to stay among Smyrna Georgia hotels.
7568	The head of Mexico City police on Saturday deployed more officers and a helicopter to some of the city's upscale districts along with the rough neighborhood of Tepito where most of the victims lived, fearing retaliatory attacks.
7569	The head of the small UN peacekeeping force in Rwanda at the time, Lt. Gen. Romeo Dallaire, has also previously said that no UN official was interested in saving Rwandans, the reason why the bulk of his force was ordered to leave.
7570	The head of this family, retired electrician Howard, (an excellent, nuanced performance by Jeffrey DeMunn), is a reader and a lover of big-band music.
7571	The health ministry said 149 people were killed, both in Cairo and in clashes that broke out elsewhere in the country.
7572	The hearing will be much like a trial, including testimony from witnesses on both sides and closing arguments.
7573	The Heat is scheduled to compete in high-profile national tournaments in Orlando, Fla., Franklin, Tenn., and Las Vegas, Nev.
7574	The heat separates out the gold, but it also releases dangerous mercury vapors near his house.
7575	The hellmouth the neighborhood sits atop would swallow it whole.
7576	The help we would be receiving was not coming as fast as we needed it.
7577	The Herpetological Society is taking part in the Endangered Species Repopulation Breeding Project which includes Nile, New Guinea, Morelet and Yacare Caiman crocodiles.
7578	The Heywire annual youth forum takes place in Canberra tomorrow.
7579	"(The) high-cost option will attract negative attention," it says.
7580	The High Court had given them a go ahead to file their nominations after a successful court action but the state through the Attorney General appealed the decision.
7581	The highest number of fires to date occurred in 2012.
7582	The highest vote-getter of its fourth annual food contest: the Baco, a taco with a shell made wholly from bacon.
7583	The highly anticipated debate between Republican Mark Sanford and Democrat Elizabeth Colbert Busch in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District special election didn’t disappoint.
7584	The high warm-relationship scorers were also three times more likely to have professional success worthy of inclusion in Who's Who."
7585	The highway has a life span of 30 years while bridges will be in useable condition for at century, public works officials said.
7586	The high winds will change to showers late in the afternoon.
7587	The hip hop power couple generally shy away from the spotlight, but come Feb. 16, 2013 Beyoncé's HBO documentary "Life is But A Dream" is set to air showing a more candid side of the private star's life with hubby Jay-Z and baby Blue Ivy.
7588	The historic seat of the one of the world's largest and oldest Churches is being slowly pushed towards extinction.
7589	The homeless 42-year-old is also accused of dangerous driving and stealing three TVs from a shop in Broadstairs earlier that day.
7590	The Home Office, or interior ministry, said the detention was an operational police matter.
7591	The homeowner has the option to buy equity back from FirstREX before selling.
7592	The Hong Kong treaty has no real effect on casual travellers but will make a difference to some businesses and their employees, says experts.
7593	The honour of the Order of the Nation is often conferred on the Governor-General of Jamaica and upon any person who has been appointed as Prime Minister of Jamaica unless they are already recipients of the Order of National Hero.
7594	The horrific stories from Gosnell's 'House of Horrors'..
7595	The hospital could not be reached for this story.
7596	The hosue was converted for use as a cannabis growhouse.
7597	The housebuilder Barratt Developments has said the recovery in the housing market is spreading.
7598	“The house has been a mini gymnasium, so with the new stuff I can’t imagine what it’s going to be turned into,” her stepfather, Dennis Fithian, said.
7599	The house, senate, and the gov. too.
7600	The house was believed to be a tofu production shop, where one of the steamers had malfunctioned and exploded.
7601	The HP Chromebook 11 was leaked just a few days ago, but today that piece of hardware was made official.
7602	The Huffington Post's model of prominently displaying users' guest commentaries on the website is controversial, because the authors aren't paid for their contributions.
7603	The Hurricanes finished with their fewest points of the season, and their high-scoring guard duo of Durand Scott and Shane Larkin were a held to a combined 3-of-16 shooting for 10 points.
7604	The ICRC did not confirm those details.
7605	The ICTR has also confirmed five other case transfers to Rwanda, but they all concern suspects who are still on the run.
7606	The idea is simple.
7607	"The idea is to find the right fit-- where interests and aptitude intersect.
7608	The impact was that operating profit contracted by 30% to $157.3 million.
7609	The implication of this reality is that if business wants to proper in South Africa, they have to support the ANC as their prosperity is dependent on the ANC being at the helm of South Africa's government.
7610	The important point is this: The debt limit merely allows the government to borrow money it needs to pay the bills for things it has already bought.
7611	The improved train service was adequate for freight, but much less so for passengers, many of whom were visiting hop buyers and sellers.
7612	The incident also happened while the culmination of the three-day city sports meet is ongoing at the Kidapawan City Pilot Elementary School, which is just a block away from the police station.
7613	The incident began after 10 p.m. Sunday at an apartment complex in the 3000 block of Steilacoom Boulevard, Steilacoom Police Chief Ron Schaub said.
7614	The incident occurred in the 7000 block of Bundy Road at about 7:30 a.m., according to police.
7615	The incoming Cabinet is set to be sworn in at State House in Harare today.
7616	"The increasingly unhinged attacks by Washington liberals only reaffirm Kentuckians' pride in Mitch McConnell for fighting to protect Kentucky from Obama's bad ideas."
7617	"The incremental lift provided by the BuildFax permit data will further help our clients reduce their inspection spending and enhance price-to-risk accuracy on policies."
7618	The index released by Save the Children compared 176 countries in maternal health, child mortality, education and levels of women's income and political status in different years.
7619	"The indicators we are seeing point to a stronger Delaware economy and employment growth.
7620	The induction ceremony will be held at Brooklyn's Barclays Center on April 10. It's the first time the general public will be able to attend the event in New York City.
7621	“The induction itself is shared with the entire Miami Dade College family and all of my students,” says Summons, who is currently in her 27th season as MDC women’s basketball head coach.
7622	The industry has been hit by the federal cuts and the economic slowdown in Europe and China.
7623	The industry has been losing jobs since February and has seen employment decline by 7.2 per cent over that period.
7624	The infant died last night after suffering severe burns at Barrett's home in the district of Dean Pen.
7625	The initiative was instituted at a time when the World Health Organization identified antimicrobial resistance as one of the three top threats to human health and drug-resistant infections were increasing in frequency and severity worldwide.
7626	The injured have been taken to hospitals "all over," including San Francisco General Hospital, the dispatcher said.
7627	The inquest heard Monday that Jardine and her mother only found out much later that Jardine-Douglas had been shot.
7628	The instructions were involved, and required customers to type in several commands at the Windows RT Command Prompt, a DOS-like command-line interpreter tucked inside even the newest editions of Windows.
7629	The instruments often used in nanguan include the dongxiao, a Chinese bamboo flute, the erxian, a bowed string instrument and the pipa, a four-stringed lute.
7630	The intermediate institutions and associations through which people could own and belong withered.
7631	The internet edition of Mali's independent daily Le Républicain is still being published, despite the fact that the paper's editor, Boukary Daou, remains under arrest without charge.
7632	The Internet makes all kinds of small ventures possible because the medium has drastically reduced the need to spend significant capital to start and maintain a client base.
7633	The interview appeared as Francis begins a three-day meeting with a group of eight cardinals gathered from around the world with the task of reforming the Vatican administration, the Curia.
7634	The intrusive questions spurred many of the tea-party groups to complain they had been targeted by the IRS in an election year.
7635	The investigation began in November, when an engineering professor contacted the university's information technology security services department because someone unknown had changed his password.
7636	The investigation is however being hampered by the lack of CCTV footage.
7637	The investigation is ongoing and there are no suspects in custody.
7638	The investment bank made a profit of ￡1.3 billion in the first quarter, an annual rise of 11 percent that accounted for almost three-quarters of the group’s profit.
7639	The iPad can be an effective tool to help many kids with special needs.
7640	The iPhone Viewfinder can extend to accommodate different eyesight needs.
7641	Their clothes were tattered, their skin was covered with bug bites and rashes, some were really skinny.
7642	Their first demand covers pet registration, teaching owners their responsibilities, controlling pet breeding and sale, and improving animal welfare at public shelters — which would all reduce stray animal numbers, the groups said.
7643	Their last prolonged conversation occurred three years ago.
7644	Their measures, their procedures, the focus of their monitoring are all suspect if not downright stupid.
7645	The IRNA news agency said residents had fled their homes in panic as several aftershocks hit the region.
7646	Their next court appearances will be on February 19th.
7647	Their number is still the same; Raila, Ruth and Oburu.
7648	“Their perseverance has paid off,” said a proud Mrs. Maharaj.
7649	Their production pales compared with General Motors' gas-guzzling pickups: Nearly 511,000 Silverados and Sierras, to name just two, from January through mid-August.
7650	Their season expanded.
7651	Their silent cries have been heard.
7652	The Islamist Party of the Jihad Organisation and Jama'a al-Islamiya has said the ways of dealing with banditry specified in the Koran must be applied to Black Bloc members, which means they must be killed.
7653	The Isle of Sheppey Academy will be shutting both its east and west sites due to a national row over pensions and pay.
7654	The issue, at least for the primary election, is a mayoral candidate's intervention very late in an alley vacation process, to demand union and wage concessions that were never on the list previously.
7655	"The issue at the moment is a lack of buyers.
7656	The IUAA is an organization that brings IU alumni, students, and friends together to serve one another and IU.
7657	The Japanese embassy in Beijing called on Japanese nationals living in the Chinese capital Saturday to exercise vigilance against the H7N9 avian influenza virus.
7658	The Jeff Fisher hiring has made them dirtier and with a higher-salaried staff - not significantly better in the W-L column.
7659	The Jewel in Denmark features off-roading on all-terrain vehicles through a Mayan jungle on a quest for lost treasure.
7660	"The joy and the relief is comparable to something that big in my life, to know that 8 million people will be safe now from this supposed restart," he said as he celebrated outside the plant.
7661	The J runs between Jamaica Center and Hewes Street and between Essex Street and Chambers Street, with trains running every 15 minutes between the latter.
7662	The judge disagreed, saying he is "very much in favor of the mandatory disclosure requirement" for anyone, such as a therapist or a priest, to tell police if they hear of molestation.
7663	The jury in the George Zimmerman trial was given the option Thursday of convicting the former neighborhood watch captain on the lesser charge of manslaughter.
7664	The Justice Department alleges that Apple came to agreements with each of the publishers meant to ensure that e-book prices at its iBookstore and other retailers would remain higher than those offered by Amazon.
7665	The "Justice For Molly" group wants more attention brought to the case.
7666	The JWCW Fashion Show is a great night out.
7667	The Kabbalah Center in Tel Aviv.
7668	The key to peace is to stop cruelty and oppression wherever it occurs with justice and equality.
7669	The Kigali City Council side is gunning for a first-ever Peace Cup final but Gasambungo admits that they might need some luck to overcome the 7-time Cup champions.
7670	The killer later testified that he had wanted to kill a Jew, any Jew.
7671	The killing did not appear to be linked to any break-in or robbery attempt, and did not appear to be a random act of violence, said El Paso County Sheriff's Department Lieutenant Jeff Kramer.
7672	The kind that's easy to use.
7673	The Korean Peninsula has remained in a technical state of war since 1953, when Korean War foes signed an armistice to end three years of fighting.
7674	The lady's car engine was running but the police told me not to touch anything."
7675	The Lakers had won two straight and five of six games, but couldn't slow down one of the hottest teams in the league thus far.
7676	The Lakers have a lot of directions they can go from here, Bryant's contract is up after next season, and he has floated the idea that he might retire.
7677	The Lakers lost their entire starting backcourt.
7678	The landlord's job is to get the maximum rate for every square foot of space it leases.
7679	The landmark Bill had passed through the Dáil earlier this month with a comfortable majority of 127 votes to 31 and through the Seanad more recently with members of the upper house supporting the legislation by 39 votes to 14.
7680	The LAPD believes Dorner is extremely dangerous and has an arsenal of weapons, including assault rifles.
7681	The last Canadian team to do so was in 2008 in the Czech Republic.
7682	The last generation of popular novels about women and work featured needier characters with jobs in meagerly paid, stereotypically female industries.
7683	The last time Georgia was ranked in the top 10 and played a prime-time home game against a top 10 opponent was in 2008, and the Bulldogs were blown out by Alabama.
7684	The last time I saw my father, he was being taken off to jail.”
7685	The last weeks have been some of the most exciting in West Ham's history as we've secured tenancy of the Olympic Stadium.
7686	The late Israeli singer-songwriter Arik Einstein was more than just an entertainer, he was a unifying symbol of Israel.
7687	The latest dust-up in the Lone Star State is about women's reproductive rights.
7688	The latest finding came as German discount chain Lidl pulled ready-made meals from the shelves of its Finnish, Danish and Swedish stores after tests confirmed the presence of horsemeat.
7689	The latest round of talks were focused on drug trafficking.
7690	The latest: We touched on Tyrell when we discussed his twin brother Tyree in the first installment of this series.
7691	The launching of the Gambian Women's Federation in 2010 also witnessed the launching of the African Union Women's Decade 2010-2020 in The Gambia.
7692	The law clear about who these special interest groups are and they are not politicians.
7693	The lawsuit, originally filed in 2010, claimed Apple had unfairly denied warranty coverage to some customers under an Apple policy associated with devices affected by water damage.
7694	The lawsuit that we have challenges not the PLP program; it challenges the standards by which plates are assessed and the fact that apparently the BMV is using standards" which are not spelled out in law or code.
7695	The lawsuit was filed in Orange County, Fla., where Darden is based.
7696	The law was not effectively enforced.
7697	The lawyer did not name the woman or detail her condition.
7698	“The lawyers are just preparing their cases so much better," Daugherty said.
7699	The layoff factor: Thirty-seven days.
7700	The leader of the 1.2 billion-member Church wove his first "Urbi et Orbi" (to the city and world) message around the theme of peace.
7701	The leader of the Coalition for Quebec’s Future echoed that.
7702	THE leadership of the Nigerian Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) has berated the management of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) for not concluding on security of pipelines with local communities and their leaders.
7703	The leadership of the Nigeria Prison Service (NPS) recently addressed some journalists where they reacted to a number of issues including the proposed PPP in the prison sector.
7704	The Leafs came into the game in a nosedive, with just two regulation wins in their past 19 outings.
7705	The Leafs goalie was face down and then was tended to by the team trainer as he remained on his knees for some time before skating slowly to the bench.
7706	The Leafs were happy to break the skid.
7707	The league took into account that Richards was shaken up, but returned.
7708	The left-hander led the major leagues with a 1.83 earned-run average and had a 16-9 record despite receiving the worst run support among the Dodgers’ starters.
7709	"The legal aid falls under the department of the administrator general which is there among others to monitor on deceased estates.
7710	The legendary musician will headline Portland's Fourth of July celebration this summer.
7711	"The legislation against sex between men is illegal under international human rights law.
7712	The legislation, backed by the White House, passed the House, but died in the Senate.
7713	The legislation the group is working on would secure the border; provide a pathway to citizenship for 11 million illegal immigrants already in the country, contingent on a secure border first; crack down on employers; and improve legal immigration.
7714	The letter, whose signatories include Susan Sarandon and Sean Penn, slammed the police's use of "untold brutal force" on protesters and accused Erdogan of showing "total disregard" for five people who were killed in the protests.
7715	The level of waste has resulted in an aversion toward mountain products and services: vegetables, tea and bed-and-breakfast establishments.
7716	The Leveretts regard themselves as realists.
7717	The Lexington Tattoo project will premiere in the fall with a short film that highlights each tattoo; it will also unveil a hidden image built within the circle patterns surrounding the tattoos.
7718	The Liberal government released several batches of documents relating to the gas plants, more than once having to release more after finding that some had not been released.
7719	The light show counted the hours to the army deadline.
7720	The Lions finished third in the relay and nipped Mercer Island, 274 points to 271.
7721	The list of possible side effects for corticosteroids is long, including weight gain, sudden mood swings, blurred vision, osteoporosis and high blood pressure.
7722	The Lobos, who had established themselves as the team to beat in the Mountain West Conference during the first half of the season, came into Las Vegas sporting a gaudy 7-1 league mark, three games better than UNLV.
7723	The local government’s response to public queries drew even more jeers.
7724	The local sales agents were paid an hourly wage but not the commissions CFI had promised for generating sales at the Westgate resort at 415 S. Ocean Boulevard.
7725	The 'Lone Mujahid Pocketbook' urges Muslims in the West to carry out small-scale acts of terrorism.
7726	The long-bearded sheikh wore a black bullet vest and appeared to be holding a gun.
7727	The loss of scoring star Kai Kamara to Norwich City hurt, and they also have forwards Teal Bunbury and Jacob Peterson out with injuries.
7728	The Louvre in Paris, made of gingerbread, hard candy, and licorice.
7729	The Loya Jirga, a traditional gathering of Afghan elders tasked with deciding whether US troops will be allowed to remain in Afghanistan after 2014, approved the Bilateral Security Agreement (BSA) after four days of debate.
7730	The main goal is to spot the symbol that both players have on their fields and to be the faster player to tap on it in order to get a point.
7731	The mainland's Shanghai composite index rose 1.2% to close at 2,238 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index climbed 1% to finish at 22,977 after industrial production and retail sales in the nation accelerated.
7732	The majority of German football fans groaned when Hoffenheim just managed to escape relegation last season.
7733	The man in charge, Martin Bandier, has been adamant about Apple paying far fatter rates for his songwriters than what they get from what's called the performance rights organization, which include ASCAP and BMI.
7734	The man is going around town with Evita like he's won the Lotto.
7735	The man might go for a daughter and the woman might go for a son.
7736	The man ran off, and the woman's son came out of the house for his ride to work a minute later.
7737	The man was reportedly not in the crosswalk when the accident occurred.
7738	The map above represents Wood Mackenzie’s forecasts for 2020 LNG demand by region, Morgan Stanley said in its October 13 Oil and Gas report.
7739	The Marcellus Shale is rich in natural gas; geologists estimate it may contain up to 489 trillion cubic feet (13.8 trillion cubic meters) of natural gas, more than 440 times the amount New York State uses annually.
7740	The March 23 Movement (M23) and the Hutu Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda (FDLR) — their alleged Rwandan allies — are mainly based in North Kivu province in eastern DR Congo, where they are accused of serious abuses.
7741	The marksmen are not trained, they are out to kill because they ENJOY it.
7742	The Maroon 5 singer's representative confirmed Tuesday he's engaged to model Behati Prinsloo.
7743	The Martin Luther King Jr. Male Chorus and a cappella trio Bare Bones will perform.
7744	The mass arrests of Shias in Nardaran are aimed against Iran.
7745	The matchup was a massive ask for a raw Canadian squad that had only 193 caps in total, with attacking midfielder Dwayne De Rosario (71) and Hirschfeld (45) accounting for more than 60 per cent of those.
7746	The material was used in the eastern suburbs of Damascus that had been controlled by the opposition for some time.
7747	The matter is being investigated by the police.
7748	The matter was continued to February 7th and transferred to Judge Ochoa.
7749	The measure also will help protect children of police officers and judges, and other kids who might be susceptible to harassment or unwanted attention due to their parents' occupations, de Leon said.
7750	The measure never made it into law.
7751	The meaty iPhone app refresh marks feature release number 43 for the new Google+, which got 41 fresh enhancements when it was released at the company's developer conference earlier this month.
7752	The mechanics of the actual DNA test haven’t changed.
7753	The media horde entered in the middle of the celebration into the chaos after the Dodger 4-3 come-from-behind win.
7754	The medical examiner determined that Ribut died from blunt force trauma.
7755	The medical implications of such a system are undoubtedly fantastic.
7756	The medley relay team of Ashley Harmon, McKenzie Sandberg, Tracey Gordon and Mattie Bennett also finished third.
7757	The meet continues Saturday at 8:30 a.m., and running events start at 10 a.m.
7758	The meeting Friday could lead to more Monday where the council says it expects to consider a motion to delegate duties not assigned by statute to the mayor.
7759	The meeting, to which the media are not allowed, will be webcast.
7760	The meeting was concluded amicably and there is no impending effect on our operations," said the airline's head of corporate communications, Paul Nakawa.
7761	The Mellencamp-Ryan stone may have been the first to be installed — but many others have since supported the campaign.
7762	The men are being asked to report to the May Pen Police Station immediately.
7763	The men died when the seam they were working flooded after they had cut into an abandoned shaft, releasing three million gallons of trapped water.
7764	The men in custody were being held in the Coconino County Jail on $25,000 cash-only bond on suspicion of abandonment and concealment of a dead body.
7765	The men then cut a theft-prevention valve cover that leaked about 500 gallons of anhydrous ammonia into the air.
7766	The men took turns carrying the woman on their backs to bring her back up to the trail where they were met by rescuers, family and volunteers.
7767	The MEPs also called on Ankara to grant access to any information that could contribute to the investigation into the fate of each and every missing person in Cyprus.
7768	The message of the chapullers of Turkey is that theocracy, in any amount, anywhere, is a threat to freedom everywhere.
7769	The messages are particularly targeted at young people, because research has shown that those who start smoking before age 18 are extremely likely to become addicted.
7770	The Mets, 9-3 in interleague play, provided the comeback Saturday by scoring two runs in the eighth on Josh Satin's two-run single against Aaron Crow.
7771	The mice lost an astounding 40-percent of their body weight, and it was mostly fat tissue.
7772	The militants regard democracy as "un-Islamic", and so therefore in their eyes is the election.
7773	The militants were eventually crushed by a fierce security crackdown that helped solidify the police state under Mubarak.
7774	The militias' latest show of force took place in May when the GNC was forced to pass a law to ban former Gadhafi-era officials from taking any senior government posts, effectively depriving a large number of Libya's officials from holding future posts.
7775	The miners' names have not been released.
7776	The minimum height (60 inches) and weight (105 pounds) went unchanged throughout the war.
7777	The minimum wage raises 13 cents.
7778	The minister added that the government would purchase modern farming equipment, including tractors and fishing boats for youths.
7779	"The minister is simply waiting for the deadline and see what has happened before taking the next move," Abraham Nyantori, the ministry's spokesman said in Dar es Salaam yesterday.
7780	“The Mission notes the occurrence of high number of assisted voters in many polling stations nation-wide.
7781	The Missouri Scholars 100 is a program sponsored by the Missouri Association of Secondary School Principals.
7782	The mistake on the lake.
7783	The MLB All-Star Game on July 16 gave the FOX network its heftiest viewer numbers of the summer, according to TV ratings counters.
7784	The model-actress left nothing to O’Neal, her companion for nearly 30 years.
7785	The monarchy has managed not only to sustain but to reinvent and reanimate this identity in the face of an overwhelming tide of change which is contrary to it.
7786	The monthly trade deficit expanded to 362.4 billion yen from the year-before shortfall of 81.8 billion yen, finance ministry data show, AFP reports.
7787	The more he compounded her misery by trying to pare down her divorce settlement, the more dangerous to him she was becoming.
7788	The more they’d eaten, the worse the consequences—but in any case, once the effects had begun, there was simply no way to reverse them ….
7789	The most famous case is that of Malala Yousafzai who was shot in the head one year ago by Pakistani Taliban for speaking out on the need to educate Pakistani girls.
7790	The most notable feature in version 4.0 is application layering, according to VMware.
7791	“The most popular orders are for KFC and Nando’s and the busiest day is Sunday, with people recovering from nights out.
7792	The most popular theory currently is that a man left his stove on, which is not something that would normally cause several hundred houses in a middle-class neighbourhood to burn down.
7793	The most recent Al Shabaab assassination of prominent Islamic scholar, Sheikh Abdiqadir, sparked fury amongst Somalis at home and abroad and prompted messages from major Islamic scholars and Somalis to root out Al Shabaab.
7794	The most recent human case of WNV in New Hampshire was confirmed in August of 2012.
7795	The most sensitive job of removing spent fuel rods is to start in coming months.
7796	The move appears part of a wider strategy to spread the country's vast wealth among Qatar's citizens at a time when Gulf leaders are increasingly nervous about Arab Spring-inspired unrest.
7797	The move comes as Union forces hope to penetrate the Charleston Harbor defenses and seize the city as part of a tightening blockade on Southern river and seaports.
7798	The move cost them $32 million over 14 years because he is due two-thirds the value of his deal spread over twice the term of the contract.
7799	The movement, which draws its strength from the country's madrassas, or religious schools, has issued a 13-point charter of demands, including greater segregation of men and women.
7800	The move to Stevens Point also means Baderbräu can focus on finding a Chicago location to start a brewery, which Berwanger said is on target for 2014.
7801	The MP compared awarding the contract to Strategic Friends International to a doctor blamed for the patient's death carrying out the postmortem.
7802	The MTA made a general request for ideas on installing and financing platform doors in 2011 but hasn't acted on it.
7803	The Muslims are killing each other in the Sudan, in Syria, in Iraq, in Lebanon, in Libya, in Pakistan.
7804	Then a few months ago, a friend suggested he see a professor of reading education at Oklahoma's Northeastern State University.
7805	Then again, after turning the Rangers Ballpark in Arlington into his own playground Saturday afternoon, Pujols may have to reconsider.
7806	Then again, some turnovers were unforced.
7807	Then again, you might not.
7808	Then aged 20, he cycled with boys in Gillingham and blew up condoms.
7809	Then, all of a sudden, "All My Children" was coming back again.
7810	The names of other candidates could not be learned, but the search committee is interviewing executives from a wide range of sectors, including life sciences and consumer, the sources said.
7811	The national average price of gasoline was $3.66 a gallon Thursday, 2 cents higher than during last year's Memorial Day weekend.
7812	"The National Communications Council's decision respects neither the law on freedom of the press nor the constitution," said Boubacar Yacine Diallo, head of the URTELGUI media association.
7813	The National Guard might select a site outside of Tacoma for the readiness center it plans to build, a National Guard spokeswoman said.
7814	The national rate also remained at 15 percent.
7815	THE National Savings and Credit Bank (NATSAVE) makes history once again by taking financial services to unchartered waters of the Barotse plains and landscape of Kalabo District since its establishment in 1938.
7816	The National Youth Parliament (NYP) on Tuesday held a press briefing on their upcoming campaign called "Each one plant one", held at their office at Jimpex Road in Kanifing.
7817	The nation's capital has relatively relaxed rules concerning the exercise of First Amendment rights.
7818	Then, Bishop Robme should be in jail.
7819	The ’Ndrangheta is generally seen as the top of the food chain in Toronto’s underworld.
7820	The new cafe, which will open in November, will serve pies, biscuit sandwiches and savory hand pies.
7821	The new coach can only bring new enthusiasm which maybe Bobby had lost.
7822	The new design's headlights are composed entirely of LEDs with individual crystal lenses.
7823	The new division will also include chronic disease management, aging, and worksite health.
7824	The newer generation seems poised to offer a similar kind of longevity.
7825	The new field house is nearly complete and concession equipment is expected to be moved in this week, just ahead of the start of football season.
7826	The new field trial, which will wrap up in September 2014, tests three approaches to helping homeowners save money.
7827	' The New Jersey governor was in Arizona this week to attend the Republican Governors Association meeting.
7828	The new national standard was announced this week, and will take effect in the fall of 2014.
7829	The new plan announced by Obama gets out in front of a Republican-crafted plan that was due to come up in Congress Friday.
7830	The new president took two oaths, one pledging allegiance to the Constitution and the second, a solemn affirmation of due execution of office of president.
7831	The new scanners look different, but work the same way.
7832	The News Tribune story said State Farm has been expanding and opening regional headquarters around the country.
7833	The new volunteer group, called Haddon Township Community Garden, anticipates needing about $1,550 to launch the garden, Renee Papaneri said.
7834	The New York Jets head coach knew that if he had harshly criticized his quarterback, who turns 23 on Thursday, the kid's confidence might have been smothered, perhaps for the rest of the season.
7835	The next morning he woke up with the bus in the driveway and he wondered how it got there since he had no idea of how to drive a bus.
7836	The next status date in the case is January 24.
7837	The next step is a little harder — presenting the plan to your family.
7838	The NFL’s biggest concern with the name controversy is that continues to erode from attention being paid to the game.
7839	The NGOs foot their food and drink's bills.
7840	Then, he emerged from his mental illness and became a writer himself.
7841	Then he pauses and adds, "But if I slip back in, can you do the Heimlich or something?
7842	Then he signed with the NBA’s Seattle Supersonics in violation of an NBA rule that said players must be four years out of high school to be eligible.
7843	The NHL board of governors unanimously approved the deal Wednesday.
7844	Then I go out and spend it.
7845	“Then I heard a lady down there screaming so I came right in here, right in the house, and grabbed the telephone because it had to be something bad.”
7846	"The nine Lebanese held in Syria are on their way to Turkey," Lebanon's Interior Minister Marwan Charbel told AFP on Friday.
7847	The ninth-seeded Owls (24-9) will face Indiana on Sunday, which represents a breakthrough for Temple right there.
7848	"Then it would put paid to the Syrians' claims that they never had a reactor in the first place," he said.
7849	"Then my assistant said 'you should be playing, you're one of our best players'."
7850	The No. 2 U.S. mobile operator made the request in a December 5 letter to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in response to shareholder activists pressing it on the matter.
7851	The non-existent skill gap AGAIN?
7852	The non-interference policy states that China does not meddle in the internal affairs of nations.
7853	The North Carolina Tar Heels react on the bench as they loose to the Kansas Jayhawks 70-58.
7854	The nose and ears both exert a strong effect on which species live in them.
7855	The NSA training documents released by Snowden assert that by 2008, some 300 terrorists had been captured using intelligence from XKeyscore.
7856	Then several people at the bar called out in unison: "Sooooouuuuuuul Traaaaain!"
7857	Then she lost her hands and feet.
7858	Then she sort of unexpectedly sees this kid next door and finds out they have a lot of things in common.
7859	Then South would bid four spades to indicate a minimum.
7860	Then Sunday, another rock slide occurred.
7861	Then the bus took off with Tantost and her son on board, while she clutched the $5 in her hand.
7862	Then the foreign ministry directed a message to North Korea's adversaries: "We expect that the current action of Pyongyang will not be used as an excuse to increase military activities around the Korean Peninsula."
7863	Then there's a rain storm in an unidentified Latin American country.
7864	Then there’s Ms. Niam, wife of the ambassador from Chad.
7865	Then there’s the thorny issue of an exemption for small businesses—a hot-button topic that the non-binding resolution conveniently side-stepped.
7866	Then there was the paper-phone-Web conundrum.
7867	Then Tuesday through Sunday, 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. Closed Monday.
7868	The Nuggets used a 21-1 run to drain the drama from this game midway through the second quarter when New York went almost 7½ minutes between buckets, falling behind 54-31.
7869	The number of Americans living in someone else's home for economic reasons rose in the past year despite an improving labor market, posing a challenge for the housing market and the broader recovery.
7870	The number of babies taken out of their homes for substance abuse has gone down by over 50%.
7871	The number of times I go to Wal-Mart each year is about once a year.
7872	The numbers are based on estimates by the Humanitarian Aid Commission (HAC).
7873	The numbers show how the volume of requests has increased steadily over time.
7874	The numbers speak for themselves.”
7875	Then when they saw it was not the thing that weights more for the working class, they started adding new complaints to their movement.
7876	Then you look at the administration salaries compared to other school districts with similar demographics and Cape is better or very comparable.
7877	Then you might want to try your texting hand at the Hamilton Public Library's Twitter Poetry Contest.
7878	Then you need to push mercy and not hatred of others.
7879	The Obama administration didn’t even blush when, on the day Mandela died, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel visited Bahrain — an undemocratic minority regime that violently oppresses its majority.
7880	The Obama administration says it plans to shift some 60% of the Navy to the Asia-Pacific by 2020 and has begun sending its best and newest equipment to the region, says Vice Adm.
7881	The octa-core processor from Samsung has been around for months, but it's been available in just a few of the company's products.
7882	The officers - Diondre Albury, Raeon Stewart and Ostonya Thomas met and decided on a class project that would seek to bring joy to children like themselves.
7883	The officers on administrative leave have been investigated and reviewed.
7884	The officers ordered Brown several times to drop his weapon.
7885	The officer was responding to a disruptive behavior call in the ER exam room when he was stabbed in the hand, she said.
7886	The official noted that CSEC activities are reviewed by an independent commissioner who for the past 16 years has reported that the agency "continues to act lawfully in the conduct of its activities."
7887	The official said the current situation isn’t an impasse, and talks have been continuing.
7888	"The officials had their explanation, that maybe they saw some other things that I didn't see.
7889	The official, who asked not to be named, said the Belarussians were in Yemen under a private contact, but declined to give details.
7890	The oil is primarily coming from the Bakken shale-oil field in North Dakota, with lesser amounts from neighboring Canada, where oil production has boomed in recent years.
7891	"The on base route structure does not hinder our training readiness, nor does it preclude our ability to fly off the base.
7892	The one concern analysts cited was overspending on marketing expenses, especially in Europe as Priceline tries to steal from existing sites or be the first stop for users switching from offline to online hotel bookings.
7893	The one thing he has brought to the team, however, is that they have been competitive.
7894	The online survey involved a national sample of 1,550 parents who have kids 17 and younger and included reports from 629 adolescents whose parents were in the sample.
7895	The only African nation to win the event, in 2009, Ghana will next play France while Iraq take on Uruguay in the other semi-final.
7896	The only conviction the ICC has secured to date is Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga.
7897	The only difference between each successive Nigerian president and Napoleon Bonaparte is that the former does not publicly declare that he is an Emperor.
7898	"The only good Eh-Rab is a dead Eh-Rab!"
7899	The only people who believe it is flawed are people who oppose it.
7900	The only question marks might be found along the offensive line, which loses several starters.
7901	The ONLY reason why Israel has such a strong military force is because the US continuously provides the latest US military technology such as missiles, fighter jets, anti missile missile batteries (ie Patriot,etc.
7902	The only remaining question was whether it would be Bayern reclaiming its title or Dortmund, making its first appearance in a Champions League final since it won the competition in 1997, producing a massive upset over the Bundesliga champions.
7903	The only significant complaint I could come up with while I was writing this review is that I only wish more of Nintendo’s games would adopt the same philosophy of providing us with a world to explore without explaining it every step of the way.
7904	The only time a commander in chief is allowed to attack is if our national security is threatened, that has not happened in over 50 years.
7905	“The only way we are going to make any difference is to have public pressure on the state,” he said.
7906	The only wound described involved an educator shot in a foot, he noted.
7907	The operation will be performed in Buffalo.
7908	The opposition has repeatedly called for arms from its international backers, but the West has been reluctant to deliver for fear that weapons could fall into the hands of extremist groups such as Al-Nusra.
7909	The opposition labelled Treasurer Wes Sheridan "the billion dollar man" because of his excessive borrowing, and his large increases to the province’s debt.
7910	The Opposition Liberals continued to criticize the Alward government on Thursday for cutting programs aimed at recruiting doctors to New Brunswick. more »
7911	The Orchard Global Capital Group has raised a fund to invest in regulatory capital trades, and the New Mexico Educational Retirement Board is among its investors.
7912	The original "Pitch Black" earned $11.6 million in its first weekend in 2000, while the follow-up "The Chronicles of Riddick" captured $24.3 million at launch in 2004.
7913	The OS has "made PCs a less attractive alternative to dedicated tablets and other competitive devices."
7914	The owners name is Willow Light and lives off NE 43rd and NE Thompson.
7915	The Oxfam Ireland argues that Poverty has a female face but so does the solution.
7916	The Pacific Northwest LNG project will liquefy and export natural gas produced by Progress Energy Canada.
7917	The “pact” part of GymPact is that everyone who uses it bets a little money on themselves for motivation.
7918	The pact would open logistics-related services such as wholesaling, retail, distribution and warehousing to investors from China, said Hsu Kuei-sen (許桂森), director of the council’s Department of International Affairs.
7919	The page and a half examines bad air, it examines what to do in the case of bad air.
7920	The pageant was scheduled for Wednesday night.
7921	The painting is not actually to be destroyed (though you might be forgiven for thinking so) and is not, nor has ever been, in physical jeopardy.
7922	The pair, who began dating in 2009, have announced that they've amicably pulled the plug on their relationship.
7923	"The Pakistani Taliban have remained a sort surrogate of al Qaeda.
7924	The Palega upgrade included solar panels as well as bioswale drainage to divert pollutants from the storm drains.
7925	The Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel says that it has developed guidelines on this issue in consultation with Palestinian civil society organisations since 2007.
7926	The panel also talks about latest NRA ad targeting Sen. John Manchin.
7927	The panel of three judges, all women, said Berlusconi went beyond using his influence to cover up his relationship with the then-17-year-old Moroccan, as originally charged.
7928	The panel was balanced and diverse ideologies were set to be heard.
7929	The Par Excellence cabinets, located just to the side of the production area, contain perfect examples of each component and phone that Vertu manufactures.
7930	The party of No does..
7931	The Passaic Valley Sewerage Commission's four energy-saving projects would upgrade some of the key equipment that treats sewage, as well as heat and cooling systems in the facility's administration building.
7932	The passenger, 26-year-old Christopher Conkling of Harrisburg, was still in the front seat, the sheriff's office said.
7933	The passengers were taken to St. Luke’s Hospital for observation and declined to comment, but seemed to be in good spirirts.
7934	"The passenger was detained, not arrested, and then released pending further investigation by the TSA (Transportation Safety Administration) and federal air marshals," Tom McKenna, another spokesman for the Kansas City airport, says to CNN.
7935	"The past 18 months have brought booming business for the rail industry from crude-by-rail and every boom inevitably has a bust.
7936	The Patriots are No. 7 in the Associated Press Preseason Class AAA Poll, while Winfield wasn't among the 16 teams to receive votes by the state's sportswriters.
7937	The Patriots are scheduled to take the field against the Buffalo Bills in New York on Sunday in their first game of the 2013-14 season.
7938	The Patriots wasted no time, issuing a statement within hours of his arrest June 26: “A young man was murdered last week and we extend our sympathies to the family and friends who mourn his loss.
7939	The paucity of precedent and sheer number of creditors portend a complicated road ahead.
7940	The PC leader said the Liberal government has increased spending, despite a swollen deficit.
7941	"The peace of mind you need," says the box containing another model.
7942	The Pentagon civilian workforce has been inexorably growing without adequate shaping or planning under administrations of both political parties over the last decade.
7943	The people at Friday's event said they wanted to come just to show they cared.
7944	The people bow their heads.
7945	The People's Daily newspaper also dangled the possibility of a "new round" of reforms to powerful state-owned enterprises.
7946	The performer said his new series, which airs Wednesdays, will reveal more layers of his personality.
7947	The perpetrators of this crime need to get life with no chance of parole.
7948	The personal attention and rarefied company don't come cheap, though.
7949	The person requested anonymity because a decision has not been announced.
7950	The person wasn't authorized to comment on any potential deals and spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity.
7951	The Pew and USA Today poll included 1,504 adults contacted by telephone between February 13-18 and had a sampling error of plus or minus 2.9 percentage points.
7952	The phone networks went down the same week, but returned in Adamawa last week and in Yobe on Wednesday.
7953	"The physical attacks on journalists in recent weeks constitute flagrant violations of freedom of information.
7954	The pickup he allegedly stole at gunpoint eventually ran out of gas, and police say he called family who alerted police to his location.
7955	The Pierce County Council could choose a replacement for Carrell as early as Tuesday.
7956	The Pirates were already losing 7-1, but it was still quite a situation for the reliever's big league debut.
7957	The Pistons brought back Mr. Big Shot, and Trader Joe was quick to admit it was a mistake to get rid of Billups when he did.
7958	The Pixel, meanwhile, is for power users, said Sundar Pichai, Google’s senior vice president for Chrome, at a news media event in a San Francisco design studio.
7959	The plains surrounding Farsala are dotted with cotton fields.
7960	The plane has been stretched to carry up to 465 passengers in a mixed-class configuration.
7961	The planned buyback includes 11 million shares right away, at market prices.
7962	The plans are now thrown into question with Morsi's downfall after days of massive street protests in Cairo and elsewhere.
7963	The plant began selling uranium for commercial reactors in the 1960s, and has been operated since the late 1990s by Bethesda, Md.,-based USEC.
7964	The player of the game was Greg Pittman.
7965	The players share a large portion of the responsibility as well.
7966	The plucky Kiwis beat Oracle Team USA twice more, moving closer to taking the America's Cup Down Under for the second time in 18 years.
7967	The plunge in Australia’s terms of trade — the value of its exports against its imports — slowed to 2.7 percent from 5.3 percent in the previous quarter, suggesting conditions were improving in the key mining sector.
7968	"The point I would like our fans to know this morning is that I'm very upset.
7969	The point of social housing is to help those in need, not give luxury to people.
7970	The police department is going to do what it can to end that behavior," Straub said.
7971	The police report is not clear on whether anyone will be charged as a result of what happened.
7972	The poll had an estimated margin of error of plus or minus 3.1 percentage points.
7973	The pollution stemmed from oil spills in 2004, 2005 and 2007, the plaintiffs alleged.
7974	The poor security and the agency's inability to use the Syrian port of Tartous for shipments means that a large number of people in the some of the country's hardest hit areas will not get help, she said.
7975	The popular Colorado-based restaurant chain initially signed on to provide about $4,200 worth of coupons to the Utah Boy Scouts' annual event, scheduled for May 4 in a Salt Lake City suburb.
7976	The port holds great potential for a private operator and the city of Chicago and we look forward to continuing our existing business there.”
7977	The position of Pope has been held exclusively by white European men in recent history, despite the fact that they are a dwindling segment of practicing Catholics.
7978	"The positive energy of never quitting and never giving up.
7979	The possibility of 100% funding still exists.
7980	The possibility remains high that Zanu PF, by choosing to withhold information on voter registration is working behind people's backs in plotting to rig the next elections as the party has always done over the years.
7981	The possible appointment of ElBaradei, the defacto head of the opposition movement in the days leading to Wednesday's ouster of Morsy, has been discussed as a possibility among supporters in recent days.
7982	The postal service has repeatedly asked that Congress pass a comprehensive postal reform package that would include this and other changes, including an end to the requirement that the service prefund retiree health benefits.
7983	The potential series-clinching Game 6 is a rematch of Game 2, when Cardinals rookie Michael Wacha and Boston's John Lackey allowed a combined six hits over the first six innings before the Red Sox lost the game in a Keystone Kops seventh inning.
7984	The pounds are gone, but they left behind an unwanted parting gift.
7985	The power generated will be a supplementary to the electricity power, thus whenever there is a blackout, the site will still maintain sufficient power.
7986	The Power had the bases loaded with two outs before second baseman Jimmy Rider looked at a called third strike to end the threat.
7987	"The practice of law is what we do, but our opportunities to protect and defend transcend the profession."
7988	The Prague Post sat down with Belec to learn more about Taxi Club, which is being rolled out to major cities abroad.
7989	The Prairie Spirit School Division called in a crisis response team over the weekend to meet with principals of the community's elementary, middle and high schools.
7990	The precipitation should leave the Puget Sound area after Monday, but cold air is expected to linger.
7991	The presence of a ceremonial mace and its kindred totems make a difference, though.
7992	The president confirmed that he and the new Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani, have communicated indirectly through letters.
7993	"The president didn’t call it an act of terror," the Arizona Republican continued.
7994	The presidential trail follows both of them three years before the next election.
7995	The president is seeking authorization from the U.S. Congress for military action in Syria designed to degrade the nation's chemical weapons capability.
7996	“The president is very interested in youth jobs and what are we doing to help youth get into good career pathways,” Pritzker told reporters afterward.
7997	The President likes to say that most Americans support tax hikes on the rich.
7998	The president spoke at an interfaith service in Boston honoring the three people killed and more than 170 injured when a pair of bombs ripped through the crowd gathered Monday afternoon near the finish line of the famous race.
7999	The president's remarks confirm a Russian newspaper report last Friday that Moscow was set to deliver the first shipment of S-300 air defense missiles to President Bashar Assad's regime in 2014.
8000	The pressure exerted by the spear is then equal to the force divided by the area it is acting on.
8001	“The pressure is always there at FC Bayern, regardless of which game, except maybe for our second leg at Barcelona,” Mueller said after Bayern won the return semi-final 3-0 in Spain, after their 4-0 first-leg victory.
8002	The pretty Dillish managed to lead with seven countries declaring their support for her.
8003	The previous generation of Altis accounted for 57 percent of the market last year, followed by Honda Taiwan Co’s Civic and Hyundai Taiwan’s Elantra, Huang said.
8004	The price of a first class stamp rose by a penny to 46 cents on January 27.
8005	The primary issue is Brian and his health.
8006	The Prime Minister and acting Foreign Minister, Mario Monti, has condemned the serious terrorist attacks that took place yesterday in Mogadishu and expressed condolences for the many victims of the attacks.
8007	The problem hit last Thursday night when several inches of rain hit prior to 4 feet of snow and wind gusts of up to 97 mph.
8008	The problem is that, historically, Labour has a prickly relationship with profit, markets and commerce, which makes it hard for the nuance in Miliband’s position to come across.
8009	The problem is the Intel silicon inside.
8010	"The problem is we don't know if they cheated."
8011	The problem of meeting the growing demand for energy cannot be immediately solved with alternative energy sources due to the various obstacles and difficulty of developing solar, wind or geothermal energy, the brochure says.
8012	The problem with most encumbents of front bench posts is that they have no experience of real life - from which the wisdoms and empathy derive.
8013	The process could take several months.
8014	The process required Morin to answer a 12-question application on topics important to young girls.
8015	The program adopted by the Legislature is expected to save the state $20 million to $25 million, but lawmakers are hearing complaints from residents who came to rely on the circuit breaker, which provided tax refunds ranging from $479 to $1,600.
8016	The programme which is sponsored by the local Secretariat of Youth Literature Brigade (BJL), serves to discover potential writers.
8017	The program provides the flexibility for Fellows to design their own professional development component and to stay in their current occupations while participating in the program’s rigorous modules.
8018	The program was authorized under the USA Patriot Act, which Congress hurriedly passed after the Sept. 11 attacks.
8019	The project is described as "a competition of sorts" in which academic and policy leaders propose solutions to the problems determined by We The People (readers) to be the most pressing today.
8020	The project is part of a broader initiative run by the Institute's Professor Mark Swilling that is upgrading the shacks using sustainable resources.
8021	The proposal has pointed out the DPP’s concern about its position on Taiwanese independence.
8022	The proposed talks followed months of rising tensions and anti-US rhetoric by North Korea, and the collapse earlier this month of proposed high-level talks between North and South Korea, amid bickering over who would lead the two delegations.
8023	The prosecution has said she killed him in a jealous rage.
8024	The prospect of dropping at least one at home and then traveling to Oracle Arena is a frightening one even for the Spurs.
8025	The provincial government said 55 of the 60 recommendations outlined in the report released following the Cameron Inquiry have been completed.
8026	The PS4 has superior graphics, but the Xbox is superior to any PC card because the CPU and Video share the same memory space.
8027	The Public Service Commission is racing against time to review thousands of applications for the positions of new Principal Secretaries.
8028	The public will remember.
8029	The pub video called subwoofer sauna night is on u t*u*be.
8030	The pursuit of education has been totally disconnected with things that truly matter like helping one's family, solving the problems facing a community, or using education to fight for justice.
8031	The Quebec government has estimated the cleanup costs at $190 million.
8032	The quest for the petrodollar has caused much blood to be shed.
8033	The question is what kind of system would work better.
8034	The race ends May 26 in Brescia, Italy.
8035	The ransom can be hundreds of dollars, and if you don't pay within 100 hours, the crooks will trash all of your data."
8036	The Ravens and Broncos played one of the most thrilling games in the last 20 years.
8037	The Ravens vow to rattle Luck at M@T Bank Stadium, where they're 34-7, including one playoff win under coach John Harbaugh.
8038	The real question from me would be: how likely are these bridges to fail under normal use, and is their disrepair less important than say..
8039	There also six firms from the United States, six from Japan and four from Singapore.
8040	There are 16 ATMs in the state network within Charleston city limits and many more throughout the state.
8041	There are about 1,440 tonnes of highly enriched uranium (HEU) and 500 tonnes of plutonium stockpiled and in nuclear arms globally, says the Nuclear Security Governance Experts Group (NSGEG) lobby group.
8042	There are a lot of guys who are really playing unselfishly right now, and really understanding how we're going to win," Longoria added.
8043	"There are a lot of rich people in the world.
8044	There are a lot of variables here, especially with with such a short turnaround.
8045	There are also noise-canceling headphones.
8046	There are just things that we think that you should think about doing, and many of them you can do now.
8047	There are more inappropriate venues President Obama could have chosen than Amazon.
8048	There are no direct commercial flights between Moscow and Caracas, and the usual route involves changing planes in Havana.
8049	There are no geographical limits to collaborative creation.
8050	There are other suggestions that are intended to help ordinary things new players need to know, but oftentimes do not.
8051	There are several mushrooming health service providers which are illegal and not genuine.
8052	There are some 300,000 Zimbabweans in Britain.
8053	“There are some people, especially in our market, who want a product in that segment,” says Ed Williamson, part-owner of two GMC and Cadillac dealerships near Miami, where people often use the V8-powered SUVs to tow boats to the ocean.
8054	There are too many empty classrooms on the East side of the school district and overflowing classrooms on the West side of the county.
8055	There are widespread fears in Jordan that Assad will deploy “sleeper” terrorist cells to destabilize the country if it openly backs the rebels.
8056	The reason for 2 awards of the PH was he was so close to the mine he received Flash Burns to face in addition to Shrapnel wounds.
8057	The reason for the refusal?
8058	The reason why i left the Liberal Democrats was the treatment of Charles Kennedy when they used old Labour smear tactics to get rid of him, to me hes the best leader we had since Ashdown.
8059	The recipe is based on an old New Orleans tradition and makes use of the often discarded cores of celery.
8060	The record-breaking kick cut Tennessee's lead to 21-20 at the break.
8061	There could be some concern for the undercover officer's safety now, and the cases he was working on could be compromised because of this, the sources said.
8062	There currently are clinical trials researching the impact of a drug that could help keep blood sugar low in pregnant women who are obese.
8063	The redesign also includes a 'Find a Trade Ally' tab, allowing program participants to quickly connect to local qualified contractors who are registered Focus on Energy Trade Allies.
8064	There did not appear to be any forced entry.
8065	The red lily leaf beetle can devour a patch of lilies in a day or two, leaving just the stems behind.
8066	The reduced cost of the index-only funds are partly offset, though, by a fee for individual investment advice.
8067	The reef is on the bottom where the molasses dropped to so imagine somebody dropping a thick sludge over your house and cutoff your oxygen supply.
8068	The referees are already in the village of Calulo.
8069	"Therefore, a consensus has been reached.
8070	"Therefore, we are terminating our partnership with Paula Deen."
8071	Therefore, what they said is nothing, absolutely nothing, but the words of a weasel's emotional reaction from denial and anger.
8072	The "refreshment" cards were torn when issued, and that was how they kept count, but the process was breached and cards were issued to all and sundry.
8073	The Regional Service Center in Johannesburg, South Africa, has been providing support to the Department of Political Affairs of the African Union Commission within the framework of the common partnerships agreement for four years.
8074	"The registration points have been increased over time and as of last month, the number of unique agents contracted by MTN has exceeded 8,000," said Mazen.
8075	There had been rumours of planned disruptions by supporters opposed to Chastanet did not materialise.
8076	There has been a bevy of missteps and mistakes made on the quarterback front, and it's been a recurring theme from the offseason on.
8077	There hasn't been quite as much madness on the women's side, but that could change this weekend with a couple of marquee clashes.
8078	There has to be some elements out there we haven't seen yet.
8079	There have also been multiple cases of people suffering from serious conditions such as strokes, heart problems and low potassium levels.
8080	There have been concerns since Microsoft bought Skype in 2011 about what data the Redmond company is sharing with law enforcement.
8081	"(There is) absolutely no chance of that," Wenger said, in remarks widely reported in the British media on Thursday.
8082	There is absolutely nothing in it that will stop a criminal form obtaining a gun period!
8083	"There is a certain standard that comes with winning the ZNCC award and one of the most important things is good business.
8084	There is a movement within the gay community to boycott Russian vodkas.
8085	There is a new civil war coming and you liberal Democrats of Americas academia will probably be a high priority target!
8086	"There is a perception that anything foreign is better than local.
8087	There is a pink kitchen where children can bake virtual cupcakes using a touch-screen.
8088	There is a two-week training process for drivers.
8089	There is a very cold and practical analysis of these advantages within the White House, and it has in significant ways influenced Obama's policy.
8090	There is no disputing the violence was Egypt's worst since the 2011 revolution that ousted President Hosni Mubarak.
8091	"There is no finer program for preparing American boys for citizenship and leadership than the Boy Scouts of America," Gates said in a statement.
8092	"There is no obvious point that Rusty could have gotten out of the enclosure," Smith said, adding that it had held red pandas for years.
8093	There is no reason a 13yo boy needs to go to hooters with HIS SCHOOL!
8094	There is no reason to think he is wrong, but the last-minute haggling over details has everyone involved in the talks sweating, and probably cursing.
8095	"There is not a disagreement about producing the documents; there is a disagreement about whether he has to pay for the cost of producing those documents," Hilton Head staff attorney Brian Hulbert said.
8096	There is nothing a dog wouldn’t do for his owner.
8097	There is no 'top' the way you are going..
8098	There is no way that a bipartisan agreement in a divided Congress will please everyone.
8099	There is, of course, the extra year of work itself.
8100	There is one home on the lot.
8101	THERE is so much that is happening on ZBC TV these days and one of the things that is being screened on the station is an environmental programme called Green Studio, which premiered on Wednesday February 13, 2013.
8102	“There is still the possibility in the civil service, in 2013, to get six days more holiday per year because an employee uses a computer, that is to say, almost everyone,” Mitsotakis told Skai television late on Thursday.
8103	There is the American Legion and the Veterans of Foreign Wars helps those who need help.
8104	There is, therefore, no iota of truth in these allegations."
8105	“There is thinking that, as your pen flows on paper, so does your thinking.”
8106	The relationship between gum disease (periodontal disease) and osteoporosis is a bit uncertain, but most recent studies show an increase in bone loss, and gum attachment.
8107	“The relationship is extremely important.
8108	The remains buried in Mvezo were found and taken to a mortuary Wednesday, Eastern Cape police said, according to the South African Press Association.
8109	The remains of the device have been taken from the scene for forensic tests.
8110	There may be a possibility of bringing the siblings together at some point, "but bureaucratically that's a bit complicated," Gilles said.
8111	There might be a precedent based on teams McIlroy played for in previous competitions.
8112	The report added that there was a risk that air passengers and crew could be subject to a one-off dose of radiation which might raise the risk of cancer.
8113	The report by the Treasury Department's inspector general, set to be released Tuesday, comes as the IRS already is facing bipartisan criticism after agency officials disclosed they had targeted tea party and other conservative groups.
8114	The report is deeply flawed - including quoting so-called Rwandan officers who have worked with M23 and were previously on Rwandan peacekeeping contingents in Darfur and Somalia- and only shows how too low HRW can stoop.
8115	The report issued today said that although impacts of a large oil spill would be huge, the panel believes the conditions put on the project will help implement appropriate and effective spill prevention measures.
8116	The report, overseen by a retired Supreme Court judge, added that it was “completely dissatisfied with the operation of children’s institutions.”
8117	The report showed the company advertised for "sales" staff to "negotiate" and "close" deals, although a Google executive had told parliament its London-based employees did not sell to UK clients.
8118	The report was changed, according to Wood, despite it already being signed-off by senior engineer Greg Saunders.
8119	The Republican party the party of family values.
8120	“There’s a big round sinkhole on that one (Audie Porterfield),” said the road head.
8121	There’s a footpath and stairs that take you to the top of the falls, and a bridge crosses right in front of the falls about mid-way.
8122	"There's a lot of similarities with the zone-blocking scheme," Shanahan said.
8123	There's a very good chance that several true freshmen find a role from the start, like Shaquem and Shaquill Griffin, Jamonte Jones and D.J. Killings.
8124	"There's a white guy on a horse, and he is served by a lot black people.
8125	The rescue came as government officials from 13 countries met Tuesday in Jakarta to discuss ways to better cooperate on the asylum seeker issue and stop people smugglers.
8126	“The rescue was a joint effort from the coast guard and rescue, using both sets of equipment.
8127	The research directly represents the provider voice and acts as a catalyst for improving vendor performance.
8128	The researchers considered a wide array of factors that might have led to the shrinkage, such as the climate, soil fertility and forest cover.
8129	The researchers found there is a particularly sensitive time for the influence of parental interventions, at around 18 months, Touchette said.
8130	The researchers included men between the ages 39 to 89 years old who were diagnosed with early-stage prostate cancer between October 1994 and October 1995.
8131	The researchers looked at data from more than 1,300 babies whose moms breastfed them for at least six months.
8132	The research is published at modernfatherhood.org.
8133	There's fear U.S. immigration laws could cripple the nation's economic growth.
8134	There’s just so many applications.
8135	There's little to do and, for many, even less to eat.
8136	''There's more to Auburn than two oak trees, revered and sturdy as they are,'' retired athletic director David Housel said.
8137	There's much the family needs, but what they cherish most was saved.
8138	"There's no legal guidance regarding the rebel groups fighting in Syria," he told a recent hearing.
8139	There’s no standard screening test, and the cancer often isn’t diagnosed until later stages, when the chances of survival drop.
8140	"There's nothing like it," he said.
8141	There's no words."
8142	The respiratory signs include nasal discharge, running eyes, coughing and sneezing.
8143	There's some fantastic shows out there.
8144	"There's so much mistrust, of course, that we bring to these negotiations after generations of suspicion and that cuts both ways," she said.
8145	The result is the lightest large-screen tablet-at just 13.2 ounces, it is 34% lighter than the previous generation large-screen Fire HD tablet.
8146	The results beat Wall Street’s expectations, as is often the case with IBM.
8147	The results were unexpected and amazing!
8148	The results will also depend on the courage of the voters after an unfair, bloody campaign.
8149	The result was shipping none of them until the generators could go simultaneously to all the hospitals on an opposition list.
8150	The retailer's share price has more than tripled since last holiday season as results have improved.
8151	The revelation came as the defense sought to discredit allegations that Valle conspired with Internet friends to kidnap, kill and eat women, pressing Walsh on why some communications were deemed proof of a crime while others were deemed fantasies.
8152	The revelation that Vodaphone, the British mobile group, is considering an acquisition of Kabel Deutschland, Germany’s biggest cable operator, has understandably unnerved its shareholders.
8153	The review was more positive than investors had expected.
8154	There was a deep cut healing on one of his fingers.
8155	"There was a law enforcement action that probably needed to take place,” said Lentz, “It wasn't an arrest."
8156	There was also a slap in the face for fellow Conservative Boris Johnson.
8157	There was also other wind damage St Tammany and also in Washington parish as well.
8158	"There was a media release that was sent out a few months ago, where he was wanted with two other males out of Prince George and Terrace.
8159	"There was a point where I was thinking: 'Please bring them back in.'
8160	"There was a split-second where I didn't think I had it, but it hung up there a little bit longer for me," he said.
8161	"There was a very short-term focus on profit which led to a problem with culture and values," Anthony Salz, a veteran lawyer who wrote the 236-page report at Barclays's invitation, told Reuters.
8162	"There was flat light, it was overcast, so you were kind of going into stuff and you can't see it."
8163	There was no entrance fee for this outdoor concert, but spectators were expected to drop off non-perishable food items that will be distributed to the poor and unemployed.
8164	There was no record the infected dog had been vaccinated according to the Canadian Food Inspection Agency.
8165	"There was no response.
8166	There was no shortage of effort but the spark to create an ignition was not quite there.
8167	There was one secretary who basically appointed herself office manager, Bookout-Coe said.
8168	There was plenty of media buzz for Tim Tebow's arrival at Jets training camp.
8169	There was such an outcry for these kittens: "How could anyone have done this?"
8170	There was the heavy use of Cabinet committees to move the work of the government forward.
8171	"There were 122 applicants from 42 states -- 12 from South Carolina," Evans said Wednesday night.
8172	There were all too many days while looking at myself in the mirror, I wished I could literally rip the fat from my body.
8173	There were days when I went to bed having had nothing more than a glass of milk and a biscuit because I was too exhausted to cook”
8174	There were differences in nuance and each candidate claimed particular strengths but the consensus is that Iran cannot become another North Korea.
8175	There were indications Berlusconi's allies in parliament might have walked out on the coalition if the politics ban had been upheld, causing the government to collapse.
8176	There were no corpses in the building at the time of the fire, as they are prepared for visitations and funerals at a different location.
8177	There were no reports of antiunion discrimination during the year.
8178	"There were no reports of injuries to the vehicle occupants."
8179	There were plenty of cuts, bruises and broken bones – and some more severe injuries – but only 2 of the 307 passengers and crew onboard died.
8180	"There were plenty of members that got up this morning and said in their districts, which are swing districts, that was going to be potentially fatal for them."
8181	There were questions over how NASCAR could possibly claim ownership over a fan's video of the race.
8182	There we were, two old antiques in the middle of the space age.
8183	"There will also be an increase in the role for Alex Newell on 'Glee' where he plays the transgendered student 'Unique' which we're very excited about as 'Unique ' will become the only trans regular on television, if you don't count Netflix," Kane said.
8184	“There will be certain times in the week where we watch film as a whole offensive unit and it will be, ‘Hey, look at this coverage,’ ” tight end Luke Willson said.
8185	“There will be specific emphasis on optimising the use of cloud services, mobility solutions, big data and social media strategies,” explains Mr Hearn.
8186	"There will be the pope of Rome, the elected pope, and there will be the bishop emeritus of Rome, who will live the life of a monk inside the Vatican walls."
8187	There will never be anybody close to getting what he got, if it took 10 lifetimes.
8188	There won’t be an easy fix for J.C. Penney – if it is even fixable.
8189	The ring contained a fighter and an athlete.
8190	The ripple effects have been wide-ranging, including calling into question the US relationship with its allies, after it was revealed government leaders including German Chancellor Angela Merkel had their phones tapped.
8191	The rise of Mursi - the first freely elected leader in Egypt's 5,000-year history - is probably the single most important change achieved by two years of revolts across the Arab world.
8192	The river is also the source of copious amounts of minerals, and energy in the form of hydro-electric power.
8193	The road is currently closed and Garda forensic collision investigators are at the scene.
8194	The roads look like you are in a third world country because there are no funds to fix any of them.
8195	The robot guide, shown to reporters Wednesday, is connected by wireless to six sensors in the ceiling to discern where a crowd is gathering.
8196	The Rockets led by as many as eight points in the first quarter after Delfino hit a 3-pointer and followed it up with a layup off a steal.
8197	The Rockies had the bases loaded in the eighth after Jordan Robera's single scored David Kandilas and trimmed the lead to a run.
8198	The room was filled with others who had given Gates a grateful goodbye.
8199	The rotation has been better.
8200	The royal couple gave the world its first sight of their baby when they emerged from hospital to cheers from well-wishers and a barrage of camera flashes.
8201	The RSLAF has showcased professionalism and have gained enviable international admiration and reputation.
8202	The rule changes will be open for public comment for 30 days, and then will be submitted to the legislative Rule-Making Review Committee for final approval by the Legislature.
8203	The ruling means the child's birth certificate will include a biological father and both women as parents in an unusual arrangement approved recently by a Miami-Dade Circuit Court judge.
8204	The Sachs-Stiglitz camp differs.
8205	The Safe Passage program was already was in place at 35 high schools and four elementary schools — buildings district officials say have seen a 7 percent increase in attendance and a 20 percent decrease in crime since Safe Passage began.
8206	The sale of the eight-acre Madera property was final on Friday, according to a story in the San Francisco Chronicle.
8207	The same could be said of the Redskins, except that the actual term "redskin" is a slur.
8208	The same goes for Malaysia -- all papers have been signed, and the country will soon receive its first pair of pandas.
8209	The same goes for the 1964 Civil Rights laws, a far greater percentage of the GOP voted infavor than the Democrats.
8210	The same people would turn around and defend bird eggs.
8211	The sampling error was plus or minus 4 percentage points.
8212	The Sanford officers followed the suspect for at least 20 minutes as he drove on the wrong side of the road.
8213	"The scandals have blackened our eye to some degree but with this award, it reverberates on many levels; it's tooting Canada's horn," he said in an interview with The Associated Press.
8214	The school board of trustees will ultimately make a decision later on whether to relocate the students.
8215	The school district released a statement saying, "We initially were concerned that the costume could be offensive to religious sensibilities.
8216	The scientists concluded that the bugs have locally adapted in response to urban warming.
8217	The scope is irrelevant.
8218	The Scottish Wildlife Trust (SWT) is leading work to restore blanket bog and heath moor, repair paths and reconnect fragmented native woodland.
8219	The Scouts and Leaders left Spearman at 5:30 AM, March 14th and traveled to Fredericksburg, TX.
8220	The Seahawks are a commercial enterprise, a business franchise.
8221	The Seahawks have already posted two in the early going against J.L. Mann and Nation Ford, and will get a shot at a third tonight at 7 against Bluffton (0-2-1).
8222	The Seahawks made an offseason trade to acquire Harvin from Minnesota, giving up first- and seventh-round selections in this year’s draft and a third-round pick in 2014.
8223	These are complex shifts in an already complex system, and will require public trust to succeed.
8224	“These are not the figures that will get us to where we want.”
8225	These are not, this is not the first go-around, we believe, for this group of individuals."
8226	"These are the first ever images of a real live giant squid," Kubodera said of the footage, shot by Japanese national broadcaster NHK and the Discovery Channel.
8227	These are things a minister of the Crown should be thinking of before he comes to a scrum and announces some kind of, frankly, knee-jerk response," Rae said.
8228	These are "tubivemo' and "telephone".
8229	The seasonally adjusted annual rate went from an originally reported 421,000 units in August, which was revised down to 379,000 units, and to 354,000 units in September.
8230	The seasonally adjusted rate of mortgage applications dropped 6.3 percent following the Federal Reserve's plans to taper its asset buying, according to a weekly report published on Tuesday by the Mortgage Bankers Association.
8231	The season will open with "Nunsense II: The Second Coming," July 10-14.
8232	These bus tours can still be purchased for future dates," he noted."
8233	These clubs are based in..
8234	The second element removed from the electoral campaign is the crisis.
8235	The second episode of "Dads," which Fox provided to reviewers, featured much less politically incorrect humor, although it did include an anti-Semitic joke (playing off the stereotype that Jews "love a bargain").
8236	The second one was very hom0-erotik – now I know why!
8237	"The second period was atrocious," Julien said.
8238	These contractual arrangements seem the only way our agriculture and agro-industrial sectors are going to grow fast.
8239	These countries, which Siemens does not specify, account for more than 85 percent of revenue.
8240	"The Secretary of State reviewed the name when I filed with the office and said it was OK," he said.
8241	The secretary of state's office was not aware of any potential violations of this nature concerning the Team Mingo PAC.
8242	The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) have been urged to intensify investor sensitisation and education so as to create necessary atmosphere for the growth and development of the capital market.
8243	The security forces also arrested Mohamed Hafez, secretary of Brotherhood's Khairat al-Shater.
8244	These days, everything the 22-year-old skier does is with an eye on the Sochi Olympics in February next year.
8245	These days it's often not new business lines or technologies they're after when they buy a company, but merely talent which can be had for equity in lieu of cash.
8246	"These days people lead such busy lives.
8247	These days, sensual presents and sex toys are as close as your local drugstore and can often be found right next to the condoms.
8248	These days we measure first-world earthquake consequences in dollars because modern building codes make deaths increasingly rare.
8249	These demonstrations and the recent anti-media monopolization campaign, have called for deconstruction of the old system and the establishment of new public policies and discourses.
8250	“The seed money is going to enhance all four partnering institutions to make a great impact on this particular area – no doubt about it,” Murphy said.
8251	These expenses will affect some consumers more than others, so be sure to think about your own situation.
8252	These four books form the basis for a major reformation in modern science based on the derived universal force.
8253	These gains are coming at the same time that some tech employers are cutting jobs.
8254	"These homes not only back onto spectacular links, they also offer easy access to boating, fishing and water sports on Lake Ontario," said Custance, noting that the area is like a mini Ottawa.
8255	These infomercials made up about 75 percent of the DRTV landscape through the late 1980s and early 1990s.
8256	These initiatives came out of the Ministry of Energy’s budget consultation with the Energy Chamber.
8257	These kinds of incentives work.
8258	"These last 50 games, coming to the ballpark and watching them pull out some miraculous victories, it was so thrilling — even for someone who had seen however many games I've seen before.
8259	The sellout crowd broke into thunderous chants of "MVP!
8260	The Seminoles would be crowned ACC champions for a second consecutive season with a win against the Coastal Division representative on Dec. 7 in Charlotte.
8261	The Senate Appropriations Committee assumes an end to sequestration and is calling for $18 billion.
8262	The Senate, if they're serious about not wanting a government shutdown, they ought to address this quickly."
8263	The Senate Judiciary Hearing then became heated, as some Senators were upset that the DNI released the formerly top secret surveillance documents with little notice.
8264	The Senate's 54-44 vote was strictly along party lines in favor of the bill, which would prevent a shutdown of nonessential government services.
8265	The Senate twice on Monday rejected House-passed bills that first sought to delay key portions of the 2010 “Obamacare” law, then to delay the law’s requirement that millions of people buy medical insurance.
8266	The Senate version also hands asylum officers increased authority to adjudicate claims as an attempt to address backlog of cases in immigration courts.
8267	These network providers will work to develop an employment plan that meets an individual's needs.
8268	The senior forward came in averaging 12.9 points but scored just two on 1-of-8 shooting.
8269	The senior had three hat tricks in the first five games of the season and added a four-goal game late in the regular season.
8270	These people who want to go to work can't go to work, but they are going to get paid."
8271	These pieces are excellent for ornamental purposes as well for stirring a fine cup of coffee.
8272	The sequel, scheduled to premiere in July 2015, will put Clark Kent and the Caped Crusader on the big screen together for the first time.
8273	The Serb knows that a positive result against Libya could help his side grow in confidence ahead of their decisive clash against Mali.
8274	These research outputs are then just one click away from being made openly and persistently available if mandated by the institutional funder.
8275	The settlement adds to a growing list of mortgage-related legal troubles Bank of America has been able to put behind it, after sustaining more than $40 billion in losses from its home loan business since the financial crisis.
8276	These utterances have echoes in ANC secretary general Gwede Mantashe branding prominent businesswoman and former World Bank director Dr Mamphela Ramphele's new political party Agang SA as "an American initiative aimed at destabilising our country".
8277	The severity of his tear will determine how long, and how grueling, his path back to the majors will be.
8278	These were mainly women who came to Pakistan to work as prostitutes, Khosa said.
8279	"These will be focus areas for each format of the game," added Mitchell.
8280	The share button is the other major change, but of course, the actual button isn’t what’s interesting about that.
8281	The shark-skin “riblets,” as they’re called, are made by pressing a stamp into a layer of fresh paint.
8282	The shelters were built two decades ago by private groups, and as such are not maintained by the park.
8283	The sheriff excused many before the trial date because they don't speak French.
8284	The sheriff's department is conducting an investigation into what happened.
8285	The Sheriff’s Office noted that heavy fog was reportedly in the area at the time of the crash.
8286	The ship had two separate engine rooms so that if one were damaged in an attack, the ship could still maintain power.
8287	The shortened season puts a premium on playing spots this year as more players are expected to play more often to secure full cards for the 2013-14 campaign.
8288	The showdown came after Davis had slogged her way through about 11 hours of speaking while Senate Republicans -- and several House members -- watched and listened for any slipup that would allow them to end the filibuster and call a vote.
8289	"The show remains to be my number 1 priority," insists Kardashian— so consider yourself number two, Kanye.
8290	The show will air on ESPNU at 9 p.m., on Sunday, May 12.
8291	The Siamese twins admitted at Mulago hospital have developed pneumonia.
8292	The sight of the sugar cube melting into the drink is a foretaste of the melting away of needless inhibition after consuming it.
8293	The SimCity we delivered captures the magic of its heritage but catches up with ever-improving technology.”
8294	The site houses other "priceless" artwork and is home to concerts and Medieval jousts.
8295	"The situation goes from peaceful to anxious, having uttered the Zimmerman name in public."
8296	The Sixers ended their eight-game homestand - their longest since 1986 - with a thud, though they did finish 5-3.
8297	The sixth generation Iowa family farmer is travelling across all 99 counties planting aronia berries to celebrate the burgeoning industry.
8298	The slaying shook this rural community nestled among orange groves, horse farms and gently sloping green hills about an hour north of Tampa.
8299	The smartest route may be the path of preserved distance.
8300	The snake’s owner had her outside to sun.
8301	The so-called "Iraq War Logs" were just one of many leaks made by the non-profit organization WikiLeaks, founded by Australian journalist and activist Julian Paul Assange.
8302	The Socialists and the two ruling coalition parties have given themselves until Sunday to conclude crisis talks requested by the president, who wants wide cross-party backing for the bailout until mid-2014 and then an early election.
8303	The solution: use plants and science to come up with alternatives.
8304	The Somaliland region announced Tuesday (August 13th) that it will not take part in the "New Deal" donor conference in Brussels in September, the BBC Somali Service reported.
8305	“The song’s title originally was ‘Seventeen’ and then Prince decided to change the name of the song to the ‘NewsNation’ theme song,“ the Texas-native revealed.
8306	The Sounders FC front office knew it liked Eriq Zavaleta of Indiana — enough to move up six spots in the MLS SuperDraft to take him.
8307	The source added: ''Sharon and Ozzy have had plenty of opportunities to meet up but haven't spent any time together at all.
8308	The South held on for a 21-16 victory over the North in the Senior Bowl on Saturday.
8309	The South Korean automaker, which with affiliate Kia Motors Corp. forms the world's fifth-biggest car manufacturer, is in need of a boost.
8310	The Soviet players, as awestruck as everyone else, waited patiently to shake their opponents' hands.
8311	The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also closed slightly higher.
8312	The S&P 500 was down 1.6 percent on Tuesday, while the CBOE Volatility Index, which reflects the prices investors are willing to spend on options on the exchange, has risen 20 percent, a sign investors are uncertain.
8313	The SPD has promised to put any draft coalition agreement to a vote among its members.
8314	The speakerphone beeped for a long time.
8315	The special committee of Dell’s board that is overseeing the sales process did not have an immediate comment.
8316	The spokesperson also noted that the expansion was being rolled out to all users on the social network.
8317	The sponsors say the injunction doesn't apply to county clerks, while Brown and Harris say that it does because county clerks and recorders are controlled by the state officers in licensing and registering marriages.
8318	The SPSL 3A champion’s big sixth inning started with a walk and a stolen base, followed by an error on a ground ball up the middle and another steal to put runners at second and third.
8319	The stadiums will be ready, although they are costing far more than originally planned and many of them will become white elephants after the World Cup, as they are located in places where attendance is low due to a lack of top clubs.
8320	The staff at the PCME's office investigates the migrants' remains in the same way they investigate those of US citizens.
8321	The Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index closed at an all-time high Friday on strong earnings reports.
8322	The Stand Your Ground law had virtually legalized murder.
8323	The Stanley Cup finalists are rounding into form.
8324	The start-up began a crowd-sourced funding campaign today at Play-i.com to finance the completion of its first small production to test the market.
8325	"The state attorney general's office will investigate and bring charges, even if the suspect is recognized by electoral authorities as a municipal authority," the office said, referring to him by his full name, Leninguer Raymundo Carballido Morales.
8326	The state Department of Licensing was assigned to lead the effort.
8327	The state dropped the ball on this one.
8328	The state is seen not as a neutral body, but as the key agency in the promotion of the interests and values of the ruling class in a theocratic society.
8329	The State Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ambassador Berhane Gebrechristos today (March 5th) met with Ambassador Jerry Lanier, Acting Coordinator of the US Department of State's Bureau of Counterterrorism.
8330	The state’s $2.4 billion transportation funding law will enable the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation to use its Rapid Bridge Replacement Project on at least 200 more bridges than originally planned.
8331	The state Senate Finance Committee is set to vote Thursday on a fracking bill designed to signal to the oil and gas industry that North Carolina is eager to host shale gas exploration activities.
8332	The state's jobless rate was 8.1 percent in August, which was unchanged from the previous month.
8333	The station crew discovered a steady stream of ammonia flakes flowing away from the far left side of the station's exterior frame on Thursday.
8334	The stations use water from fire hydrants and have been erected due to the blackout caused by Hurricane Sandy in Lower Manhattan.
8335	The statistics may not be surprising given economic happenings in the country in the past one year.
8336	The statute applies to both public and private housing and may be enforced by the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), DOJ, and individuals who file suit in federal court.
8337	The steel industry has been buffeted by an inconsistent global economy.
8338	The stitching of Islamic calligraphy in gold threads onto the silk is a skill that has been passed on from generation to generation, said Hussanian al-Sharif, head of the embroidery department who has worked at the factory for 37 years.
8339	The stock has been choppy in recent months, but remain markedly above the January levels as investors took a wait-and-see approach and erred on the optimistic side.
8340	The stock has lost more than a third of its value since it lowered its revenue estimate.
8341	The stock is off 38 percent since hitting an all-time high of $705.07 in late September.
8342	The stock sunk as low as $45.15 a share in October 2008.
8343	"The stomachs will be dissected in the field and the contents sent to a lab at OSU for further studies," Swart said.
8344	The Stone Roses, Blur, Phoenix and Red Hot Chili Peppers will headline.
8345	The story tells that a Duke offered a reward for anyone who could capture it, so a group of young men tied a bull to a chain, and when the lindworm swallowed the bull, it was hooked like a fish and killed.
8346	The strawman that somebody has claimed the world is less dangerous amazingly has not one example..
8347	The street protests also fuel hostility between Guinea's main ethnic groups the Malinké (Condé's ethnicity) and Peulh (which dominates the opposition).
8348	The strongest moments aren’t the personal sob stories but the explanations of the abstract economic trends that allowed them to happen.
8349	The structure collapsed, and our members, while trying to save lives, were trapped."
8350	The students were admitted to the programme following an intensive selection process.
8351	The study did detect one significant change, however.
8352	The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found people at greatest risk for mental health issues were women, people with pre-existing disorders, those lacking adequate social services and those already stressed.
8353	The study's authors also found evidence that the Judo competitors had the same mannerisms when they lost, except for a few competitors from North America and West Eurasian regions.
8354	The suburban area around Saint John currently has the highest deer density in New Brunswick.
8355	The Sudanese diplomat noted the signed protocol on security, stability and development in the Great Lakes Region which he said obligates all countries in the region including Uganda not to to cooperate with the rebels.
8356	"The sum of N24 billion is proposed for the provision of infrastructural facilities and to complete the on-going projects.
8357	The Sunday Gleaner has confirmed that Clarke has asked Auditor General Pamela Monroe Ellis to conduct a probe of the agency, which operates under the aegis of the Ministry of Agriculture.
8358	The Sun Devils have pulled out some big wins along the way, including a victory at UCLA to clinch the Pac-12 South and a home victory over rival Arizona that gave them home-field advantage for Saturday's game.
8359	The Super Bowl celebration got off to an early start in Turlock Saturday as the city honored its local star, 49ers Quarterback Colin Kaepernick.
8360	The supernova's epic collapse happens in just a few milliseconds.
8361	The supporting cast goes the unconvincing cheese ball route with their performances.
8362	The support was offered by Inter-Churches in the district, in partnership with A Light to the Nations Ministry from US, as a part of a four day evangelical conference that took place in Musanze.
8363	The Supreme Court could decide to keep the service free for attorneys or set rates once a fee structure for the public is created.
8364	The surgeries will end Bynum’s 2012-13 season before he ever got the chance to suit up for the Sixers, who acquired him from the Lakers in a four-team blockbuster trade last summer.
8365	The suspect allegedly challenged a man, 41, and his female companion, 38, to a fight.
8366	The suspect fled the scene and allegedly hanged himself at another house around the vicinity after he learnt that the woman had died on arrival at the nearby Odi District Hospital.
8367	The Susquehanna-Roseland reliability project involves PSE&G replacing transmission lines that were installed in the 1920s that are incapable of transmitting enough electricity to reliably accommodate existing and future customers.
8368	The SUV crashed along a curve on Wellington Crescent, just north of Academy Road, sending five people to hospital.
8369	The Swedish national took over the coaching reins amidst mixed feelings among dozens of football pundits who questioned the wisdom of appointing somebody with a patchy coaching record.
8370	The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported a loud explosion in the base, and Twitter users quoted eyewitnesses who said the blast occurred near Snobar Jableh village, just south of the city.
8371	The system also has other advantages that, if the pilot goes well, could be tapped in the future, Wright said.
8372	The Tacoma Dome Station, 505 E. 25th St., is larger than the two other locations.
8373	The tail end of a weak front will drag through the northern part of the state tonight and early tomorrow.
8374	The Taiwanese smartphone maker was the only Asian private business invited to attend the forum sponsored by the World Bank at its headquarters in Washington.
8375	The Taliban have argued that government officials and workers are legitimate targets.
8376	The tank was knocked off its pedestal and a purge valve broke off, allowing liquid propane to leak from the tank.
8377	The taping of that documentary, along with his current job as a front office executive, has made him think about how he would have handled a player like himself, who forced a situation on a franchise.
8378	"The task force findings will be baseline for the programme against doping in Kenya," he said.
8379	The task force's full report is available online.
8380	The tax cut gave someone earning $50,000 about $1,000 more to spend each year.
8381	The team announced several moves on Monday for new GM John Idzik's front office, including promoting Matt Bazirgan from personnel scout to assistant director of pro personnel.
8382	The team at Vision Objects were proud of the victory for MyScript Calculator.
8383	The team has a 19-14 overall record this season.
8384	The team hasn’t had a consistent pass rusher in the Rex Ryan era.
8385	The teams are coached by Molly Sprouse.
8386	The teams exchanged misses before Gordon canned a deep 3-ball with 32.8 seconds remaining, but it would be as close as the Hornets would get.
8387	The team's helmet, with a previously released slightly altered new logo, will feature a matte finish with a black facemask.
8388	The teams met again for the championship and, again, the Giants won, 21-17, with a late touchdown.
8389	The technology can monitor every move a player makes on the court, gauge how tired he is and can even keep an eye on the job referees are doing.
8390	The testimony came during a hearing I convened to examine progress at the state and federal levels in creating health insurance exchanges authorized by the Affordable Care Act (ACA), and to review the new consumer protections that will begin in 2014.
8391	The test subjects were photographed and “evaluated for physical attractiveness by those otherwise unfamiliar with the study,” says Judge in an e-mail.
8392	The Texas Rangers, AL representatives in the World Series in 2010 and 2011, saw their playoff hopes take a massive hit when slugging outfielder Nelson Cruz was handed a 50-game ban.
8393	The Thai people voted-in this government, again and again and this shoddy, grubby bunch want to overturn the rule of law, just as they did when they closed Bangkok Airport and shot people in the streets.
8394	The the wax figure of Pope XVI can be found in the window outside thew S.F. Wax Museum at 145 Jefferson.
8395	The things in Mexico are not going to change any time soon.
8396	The thought of an internal on the fifth floor was gag inducing.
8397	“The three of us are wondering what we did to deserve that right there,” he commented.
8398	The three suspects were charged with Burglary of Habitation.
8399	The three young women should have been free to live their lives.
8400	The Tianhe-2, which means Milky Way-2, knocks the U.S. Department of Energy's Titan machine off the no. 1 spot.
8401	The Tigers were No. 3 and the Seminoles were No. 10 when they met on a rainy day in Clemson Memorial Stadium.
8402	The time has come for rethinking americas policies toward drugs, all drugs.
8403	The “timing and targeting of the campaigns” suggested a connection to the election, Google said without elaborating.
8404	"The timing is certainly unfortunate," Callaway says of her new plan that took effect a month before the exchanges open.
8405	The Titans drafted Locker with the eighth selection overall in 2011 to be their franchise quarterback.
8406	The top 1 percent of American households had pretax income above $394,000 last year.
8407	The top eight finishers times and distances were recorded in each event.
8408	The top-seeded Swiss is now ranked No. 5, his lowest in a decade since he started his run of 17 Grand Slam singles titles at Wimbledon in 2003.
8409	The Tories will go looking for traps and tricks.
8410	The Toronto Raptors will try to solve the visiting Philadelphia 76ers for the first time this season, having lost 93-83 at home on Nov. 10 and 106-98 on the road 10 days later. more »
8411	The tour officially starts in Brazil on September 9, its first international stop.
8412	The tower has now been closed since August 2010 but earlier this year the science centre announced it had settled a lengthy court action with the contractors and had received "substantial" compensation.
8413	The town was abandoned, and 27 square kilometres of ruins were turned into a memorial and museum.
8414	The town would pay the county about $37,500 the first year, which includes $11,500 to $14,000 worth of equipment and broadcasting 30 town meetings, according to DeLoach.
8415	The trajectory of the meteorite differs substantially from asteroid 2012 DA14.
8416	The tree is decorated with approximately 5,000 ornaments, handcrafted by Washingtonians to reflect this year's theme, "Sharing Washington's Good Nature."
8417	The tremor was felt 300 miles away in Tokyo.
8418	The trial before 4th District Court Judge Derek Pullan is expected to last six weeks.
8419	The tribe has conducted roundups in years past, and worked to reduce the wild horse problem.
8420	The troops went in to disarm inmates in what has become a notoriously violent prison, according to Iris Varela, Venezuela's prison minister.
8421	The trucks were pulled to the side, wanded with hand-held detectors and some of the material was sent to laboratories for further evaluation.
8422	The truth must come out before the election."
8423	The TTC has said the DRL between St. Andrew and Pape stations would take priority over extending the Yonge subway line north to Richmond Hill.
8424	The twin blimps, each nearly the length of a football field, should be able to peer from New York to Norfolk from their perch, at the Aberdeen Proving Ground, Md., north of Baltimore.
8425	The twister's 110-mph winds wiped out the college's gymnasium, damaged at least three other buildings and toppled trees about 3:30 a.m. EDT, The (Cleveland) Plain Dealer reported.
8426	The two deceased passengers were identified as Chinese girls in their teens, airline president Yoon Young-doo said at a press conference in Seoul, South Korea, on Sunday.
8427	The two events are related, of course.
8428	The two generals became very close in the years before the coup when they were neighbors on an air force base in northern Chile.
8429	The two leaders discussed enhanced cooperation to develop India’s defense industry, through “greater emphasis on technology transfer, co-development and co-production,” he said.
8430	The two men have enjoyed a friendship ever since they met as itinerant teenagers at the Sanchez-Casal academy in Barcelona more than a decade ago.
8431	The two men "have not spoken since, nor will they soon, if ever," Celio added.
8432	The two men were friends and Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's girlfriend.
8433	The two met at Vatican City on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 50,000 people.
8434	The two nuclear powers fought a brief border war in 1962, and while their relations have improved since the half century-old incident, their thorny border issue along the Himalayas are yet to be resolved.
8435	The two of you must have been born morons.
8436	The two other projects — at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston and the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill — will go a step further by enrolling healthy infants as they explore what kind of information parents want about their babies' future.
8437	The two sides did not reach a conclusion, with the ministry asking the commission to make a report on potential tax loss, which it will submit to the Cabinet for further discussion tomorrow.
8438	The two suspensions have given chances to backups Byron Maxwell and Jeremy Lane.
8439	The two women note that just 76% of the U.S. population identifies as Christian.
8440	The typical age for a DLBCL diagnosis is in the mid-60s.
8441	The underage driver was charged with DUI among other counts.
8442	The underground tanks contain radioactive wastes left over from the production of plutonium for nuclear weapons.
8443	The unexpected problem forced Mission Control to abort the spacewalk and send Parmitano and his American colleague Chris Cassidy back into the airlock of the International Space Station.
8444	The United Nations says amputations, floggings and public executions -- like the July stoning of a couple who had reportedly had an affair -- have become common in areas controlled by radical Islamists.
8445	The United States and Jordan have close diplomatic ties, making additional aid likely, according to the newspaper.
8446	The United States government works for Israel, not Americans.
8447	The United States is the world's biggest importer of mangoes, buying in more than 300,000 tons of them in 2010, worth around $280 million, according to the UN's FAO figures.
8448	The United States wants closer trade and military ties with its former enemy as it seeks to strengthen allegiances in Asia and temper China's influence, but Vietnam's crackdown on critics is proving to be a major stumbling block.
8449	The United States wants the focus to be on theft of trade secrets and other intellectual property, often through sophisticated cyber attacks, which analysts say cost the U.S. economy as much as $320 billion a year.
8450	The unity government established four new national commissions - the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC), the reconstituted Zimbabwe Media Commission, the Anti-Corruption Commission, and the Zimbabwe Human Rights Commission (ZHRC).
8451	The university plans to hire a full-time archivist to catalog the collection, a project expected to take three years.
8452	The unlikely superstar shot to fame in 2009 when she auditioned for Simon Cowell on "Britain's Got Talent," and has gone on to boast a global following.
8453	The UN Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) has condemned the 23 March attack in which at least two civilians were killed and a traditional hunter known as 'dozo' injured.
8454	The unprepared will not hesitate to break into homes and harm people in order to get food and supplies.
8455	The upcoming negotiations on a reauthorization bill provide an opportunity to have a real national “conversation” on the role of passenger rail in the United States, he contends.
8456	The update was received during day one of a special three-day meeting of the Cabinet at Jamaica House yesterday.
8457	The U.S. briefly considered joining the LMU and produced a concept coin called the Stella.
8458	The U.S. Census Bureau will release its monthly report on retail sales at 8:30 a.m. ET Monday, while the Bureau of Labor Statistics will publish the latest edition of its producer price index.
8459	The US Department of Justice charged a fourth person in an Indonesia bribery scandal involving officials from French power company Alstom.
8460	The U.S. economy grew at a 2.5 percent annual rate from April through June, much faster than previously estimated, the government said.
8461	"The use of such an offensive term has negative consequences for the Native American community when it comes to issues of self-identity and imagery."
8462	The use of "under God" in the Gettysburg Address has an uncertain history.
8463	"The U.S. Government is killing our innocent civilians," "I can't stand to see such evil go unpunished," and "We Muslims are one body you hurt one you hurt us all" were some of the messages, according to an indictment.
8464	The U.S. in a real mess, thanks to the so called leaders in Washington.
8465	"The U.S. intelligence agencies would be more interested now in expanding co-operation, which has hardly existed until now," said Andrei Soldatov, a Russian journalist and security expert.
8466	The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in favor of the church's right to free speech.
8467	The U.S. trustee for New York said the payment violates bankruptcy-law limits designed to prevent executives from getting big rewards not available to regular employees.
8468	The Valley of Amazement spans more than forty years and two continents, telling the story of the profound connections between mothers and daughters."
8469	The Vancouver Police Department still lists Cyr as missing person on its website, even though in 2010 Harney was successful in getting the B.C. Supreme Court to declare Cyr dead.
8470	The various kinds of aid it receives from China will be decreased for good reasons.
8471	The vast majority of people are good, generous, welcoming, creative, loving and interesting, if you just give them the chance to be.
8472	The vehicle’s front and rear windshields were shattered and its roof crushed by the impact, Bednar said.
8473	The vehicle was set on the fire the following day.
8474	"The Velveteen Rabbit," the children's classic by Margery Williams, will open at 7 p.m. June 22.
8475	The veteran Perez own 10 goals in 14 matches and when he becomes the focal point of opposing defenses, Panama needs to find other ways to move the ball and create goal-scoring opportunities.
8476	The Via Rail station has reopened, Vancouver police say, after suspicious packages were found to be bags containing camping gear.
8477	The victim, a woman in her 30s, was jogging along the Festival Beach hike and bike trail Monday when she says a man jumped out of the bushes and attacked her.
8478	The victims said the couple then attacked without warning, stabbing both of them.
8479	The victory is De Brito's greatest yet with this win representing the first time she has beaten a player ranked inside the top five.
8480	The video clip has been shown plenty of times over the last year and baseball fans not prone to squeamishness have likely watched it more than once.
8481	The video hearing room was cleared of all other inmates before Murphy was escorted in.
8482	The video is shot as a dream sequence, with a young man seeing himself on board a North Korean space shuttle launched into orbit by the same type of rocket Pyongyang successfully tested in December.
8483	The video, shown in English on a large flat-screen TV, touts Rason's port and rugged but scenic seashore.
8484	The videos were what enabled Fox to identify Muto as the mole; their investigators found that someone with his computer sign-on was the only one to look at them recently in the network's archive.
8485	The Vikings and the NFL are on the hook for $477 million, including a $200 million loan from the league.
8486	The violation was confirmed in a letter from the Department of Natural Resources to the Margaree Environmental Association in March.
8487	The volume marked an all-time high for the stock, surpassing the 13.05 million shares traded on May 10, 2007, when the company reported quarterly results and said it may choose to file for Chapter 11.
8488	The vote is secret and conducted amid tight security.
8489	The Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday evening that the NSA had stopped monitoring Merkel's phone after an "internal Obama administration review started this summer revealed to the White House the existence of the operation."
8490	The warning by Gorbachev, active in public life at the age of 82 and co-publisher of the independent Novaya Gazeta newspaper, came as Putin, who won a third presidential term a year ago, seeks to consolidate power.
8491	The warning that "any type of sex will guarantee the contraction of a sexually transmitted disease or an unwanted pregnancy" was clearly a value statement.
8492	The watchdog could put forward incentives for switching auditors rather than more radical, mandatory requirements.
8493	The waterfall itself is about 50 feet high and the rock wall behind it crusted with minerals deposited by the water.
8494	The wave spread around the world, with tidal fluctuations being recorded as far away as Iceland and the Eastern United States.
8495	The way forward for Sudan will require the following two policy reforms.
8496	The way he's doing it, seems to me he's painting one heck of a big target on his back.
8497	The way it is now there is so much coporate money running around trying to get their pet projects passed.
8498	The way of life in the United States cannot be based upon any stagnation, including stagnation in the thinking process or CEO’s, managers, and industrial process designers.
8499	The weak answer is simply that I was following life—it really was “Swallows and Amazons” that I dreamed about.
8500	The week concludes with the Monster Piano Concert.
8501	The weekend of violence continued Sunday, when Afghan officials said a NATO airstrike killed 10 children and a woman.
8502	The weekly reports will include the number of malware and phishing sites Google detects as its search-engine crawlers scan the Web.
8503	The Weils say it's a miracle their home is still standing.
8504	The Weiner scandal "is proving to be another stress-test of the Clinton infrastructure in a year that was supposed to be relatively quiet for them," she reports.
8505	The Welsh region’s qualification hopes could rest on their trip to the south of France early next month.
8506	The west coast also shares a strong Asian population, which influences the flavours.
8507	"The White House says it's highly likely that Syrian President Bashar Assad's regime" And Iraq had WMD's!
8508	"The whole essence is to protect lives and property during the period of the elections."
8509	“The whole idea is that when we have enough data for a certain search, we make a forecast to guide the user as to the likelihood that (the fare) will go up or down,” said Giorgos Zacharia, the company’s chief scientist.
8510	The whole saga was never punctuated by any direct quotes from Rooney and even since the transfer window closed, the former Everton front-man has refused to comment on the issue, saying only that he is concentrating on his football.
8511	The whole scene takes forty-nine seconds.
8512	"The whole thing was hard to bear for us.
8513	The WHO states that most premature deaths from cancer are preventable by making policy changes in sectors in and beyond health, such as education, finance, development, transport, agriculture, etc.
8514	The wider reading of industrial output, which includes energy production and mining, fell 1.2 percent, more than erasing December's rise.
8515	The wildcard, perhaps, in all of this is Bairstow.
8516	The Wildcats (2-4, 0-3), behind 199 yards and three rushing TDs by quarterback Daniel Sams, took a 25-21 lead in the third quarter.
8517	The wildlife preserve is near St. Ives in Cambridgeshire.
8518	The WIN-AP, or the Dagdag Kabuhayan Workers' Income Augmentation Program, provides a package of support services that will improve the socio-economic situation of low-income workers and their families.
8519	The winner of 14 Grand Slam titles says other than "a random case here and there," he doesn't see the top players engaging in doping.
8520	The winner of the Kraft Nabisco Championship carded back-to-back birdies on the first two holes and finished with a 3-under 69 on Sunday en route to a four-stroke victory and her second-career major title.
8521	The winners received certificates and meal vouchers for the Kokerboom Restaurant for their families.
8522	The wins were the perfect gift to longtime coach Sam Beasley, who retired after the season.
8523	The winter of 1863 brings a formidable new player into play: a powerful ironclad riverboat called The USS Indianola.
8524	The Wolfpack started 0 for 5 from the floor with two turnovers, including a pair of shot-clock violations, before Kastanek hit a jumper and successive 3-pointers to knot the score.
8525	The woman contended that disabling her Twitter account was not an attempt to "destroy evidence," as Tang suggested.
8526	The woman wearing bib No. 19,255 was a flute instructor from Utah, listening to her son singing through her headphones as if the sound of his voice could somehow will her body the last few yards to the finish line.
8527	The women escaped on May 6 when Berry managed to break open part of the front door and call out to a neighbor for help.
8528	The wooden church was built by his ancestors in the mid-17th century without the use of a single nail at the end of the Thirty Years War.
8529	The words under the picture say the brother crashed the car but the body of the article say the sister crashed the car.
8530	The works also comprise recovery of sewerage systems, pavements and worth 150 million Kwanzas.
8531	The world has gone mobile and content has migrated to the cloud, while televisions still struggle to work with either medium.
8532	The world is more networked.
8533	The world is watching all sides in South Sudan," Ban told reporters ahead of emergency Security Council talks on the crisis.
8534	The world of work has lost one of its greatest champions today."
8535	The world's third-largest economy is currently in a recession, having contracted for two quarters in a row.
8536	The world will be the worse for it.
8537	The worst of Monday's violence took place in Baghdad, where 10 car bombs ripped through open-air markets and other areas of Shia neighbourhoods, killing at least 47 people and wounding more than 150, police officials said.
8538	The WSU defense was marvelous in the absence of an offense, heaping more misery on USC’s self-inflicted woes by holding the Trojans to 193 total yards.
8539	"They act like brothers and family and that's our environment," Flannigan said.
8540	They advised school districts to have employees and volunteers get the blood test or somehow get the requirement for the test deferred.
8541	They all have to do something.
8542	They already had all of the relevant information (since they are AIG, after all), and any persuasive argument dreamed up by Starr's legal team could have already been delivered directly.
8543	They also caught 15 tuna.
8544	They also contend that one patient, Karnamaya Monger, 41, died of an overdose of anesthetics prescribed by Gosnell.
8545	They also delayed a Champions League soccer game between Basel and Germany’s Schalke 04, sponsored by Gazprom, unfurling a protest banner.
8546	They also had won five consecutive against Memphis since the Grizzlies upset the Spurs as the Western Conference's No. 1 seed.
8547	They also note that companies hold fewer inventories and accounts receivable than they used to.
8548	They also urged the United States not to back exclusion of ammunition from the arms trade treaty, which will be negotiated by about 150 countries at U.N. headquarters March 18-28.
8549	They and other dorm residents said the African American student had been targeted as part of a series of pranks involving residents.
8550	They are a small team but we do not want to carry that in our minds," said Gorowa.
8551	They are being held at Bergen County Jail on $75,000 bail each.
8552	"They are bringing that tradition with them."
8553	They are exhausted, terrified, and besieged.
8554	They are for kids with medical issues that cause meltdowns where they could become violent.
8555	They are hundred times bigger than the Jews.
8556	“They are literally cementing the disparity between the number of men and number of women,” he told ABC News.
8557	They are not prepared to pass through a filter of regulations which they consider “abusive” and which in some cases, they say, are “an infringement of privacy”.
8558	They are now synonymous for many Chinese citizens with physical violence, illegal detention, and theft,'' a spokeswoman for advocacy group Human Rights Watch said last year.
8559	They are our neighbors who hang dry wall or pave our streets or work in the warehouse on the outskirts of town.
8560	They are part of an auxiliary power unit supplied by UTC Aerospace, a unit of United Technologies Corp, that provides power while the airplane is on the ground.
8561	They are planning on remodeling.
8562	"They are private citizens.
8563	They are represented by the Electronics Frontier Foundation, data privacy advocates who have already been litigating for years against warrantless wiretapping under former President George W. Bush.
8564	They are running back Matt Asiata (hamstring), cornerback A.J. Jefferson (ankle), defensive tackle Kevin Williams (knee), linebacker Erin Henderson (heel), and long snapper Cullen Loeffler (neck).
8565	"They are seven females and 24 males.
8566	They are the second-wave combo guards, and while there are still questions of fit on a case-by-case basis, the near-blanket skepticism with which such players were once regarded has all but evaporated.
8567	"They are trying to be more open and work with the market to some degree.
8568	They are waiting to see what the party will bring to the table in its manifesto,"
8569	They asked the panel to consider whether a new trial was needed to better assess risk versus benefit, given that other treatments are available.
8570	They began to build single, prominent entryways, and reduced landscaping that provided a place to hide, Nigaglioni said.
8571	They believe that is time to promote PEACE, LOVE and HARMONY especially in Mindanao that is why the team has the 3 main objectives: Peace among men.
8572	“They both have their own stories.
8573	They bought their home out of a foreclosure in November 2008, so they didn’t pay top dollar, and they have plenty of equity.
8574	They can also call the centre to ask the procedure for loan application.
8575	They can have their permit removed.
8576	They can no longer afford the infrastructure to practice as before.
8577	They can’t read a book from beginning to end.
8578	They certainly will,vote UKIP to save our country.
8579	They choose to avoid paying even subsidized rent in low-income properties by living on the street.
8580	They couldn’t get their hands on me,” he said.
8581	They detained dozens of people at the first sign of misbehavior racial slurs, obscenities or anyone with what was described as a “provocative attitude.”
8582	They did all this in what was supposed to be a rebuilding year.
8583	They did a very good job," Hatfield said.
8584	They did some digging and found some evidence Saddam was being effusive and sold that as proof positive, "Sure thing Mr. President he's go those weapons no doubt about it!"
8585	They discovered that Alexis and Noah had an extremely rare mutation in a gene, SPR, that knocked out synthesis of both dopamine and another neurotransmitter, serotonin.
8586	“They don’t always go like that.
8587	"They don't need to wait until we strategize and put a package together that's more solid, in all honesty."
8588	They don't seem to have any value to people.
8589	They eat what they grow," said Yusup, a local resident in the mountain village of Itum-Kale perched in a steep river valley near Chechnya's border with Georgia.
8590	They feel that you need to work your way back up the political ladder, instead of going to the head of the class.
8591	They follow the charging on sedition of Wonder Mkhonza, the National Organizing Secretary of the banned political party the People's United Democratic Movement (PUDEMO).
8592	They force the Defense Department to maintain weapons systems and military bases - located in their home districts, of course - that the Pentagon wants to end.
8593	They found John C. Reilly!
8594	They found that the registered trials moderately matched the global disease burden.
8595	They further said that Sudanese judiciary is "is unable or unwilling" to prosecute those crimes and thus recommended referring the situation to the ICC.
8596	''They gave it everything they had.
8597	They gave us a coupon for a free appetizer – like we’re ever going to go back there again!
8598	They got the point where I can't tell the difference between the R's and the D's.
8599	"They had a little more jump and much better execution than we did early in the game, in fact off the opening faceoff," Sharks coach Todd McLellan said.
8600	They had learned the service was to be funded by contextual advertising that "read" users emails.
8601	They had met in a youth choir in Berlin and the friendship had blossomed through a shared passion for environmental issues.
8602	They have access to physiotherapy, hydrotherapy, more surgeries if they need it," she said.
8603	They have a lot of stations, the price is right, the bike was in really good condition and not ridiculously heavy.
8604	"They have been coming and since Independence Day this year, over 300 have surrendered the MDC-T regalia and have committed themselves to working with us," he said.
8605	They have done this around the city at many sites.
8606	They have established defensive, underground positions, positions that their different members can change between, and logistically - with pre-positioned weapons and food depots," he said.
8607	They have more seats due to gerrymandering by state legislatures.
8608	"They haven’t been charged.
8609	They haven't quite figured out the whole Glass-for-people-with-Glasses aspect yet.
8610	“They have placed themselves in a very difficult situation indeed,” Hama says.
8611	“They have the chance not to go bust and to continue investing in the businesses where they make money,” said Francisco Jeronimo, an analyst at IDC.
8612	They have their ecolocation senses bombarded with shrill whistles and jeering crowds while performing behaviour not displayed in the wild.
8613	“They have the same responsibility to act on Mr. Wilson as they do on any other debtor to the province.” he said.
8614	“They have training for their drivers on how to treat people with disabilities so that they don’t feel 'less than' anyone else.”
8615	They included Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.
8616	They include Republican John Burnett, who has worked on Wall Street in various finance capacities and just recently declared his candidacy; Green Party candidate Juila Willebrand, a former teacher; and former madam Kristin Davis.
8617	They interact with them and it’s turned into a really good thing,” he said.
8618	They issue a certain number when they go public via an initial public offering (IPO), and they may issue more later, via secondary offerings.
8619	They just want to bomb countries to show the US is powerful and want to move the military because it is idle; dong nothing.
8620	They kept right on coming.
8621	They kickbox together.
8622	"They know they can rely on those votes, but they draw the district lines in such a way that they know as a practical matter that there won't be a citizen from the Northeast side of Carbondale that will sit on the board.
8623	They lead from the west entrance to the central rotunda.
8624	They learn to live and work in community, learning valuable life skills.
8625	They live, quiet lives in Manhattan and like all parents, find joy and occasional frustration in raising a soon-to-be teenager.
8626	They'll be focused, looking at promotions and discounts.
8627	They’ll find all they want on supermarket shelves in the coming months, though their pocketbooks may take a hit.
8628	"They'll fly a few hundred kilometers south where they will ride it out until the weather conditions improve to fly on," Neuling says.
8629	They'll get an expanded version of the show Here & Now starting July 1, reports Boston's WBUR, where the latter show is produced.
8630	They’ll see this flicker of light where the play is not designed to go and think there’s a big play waiting to happen.
8631	They'll use that golden chip all week, fueling zany rumors and false reports and captivating all of baseball until the last person checks out of the hotel lobby Friday morning.
8632	They'll whinge and moan and threaten national demonstrations and strikes and sit around in heaps feeling sorry for themselves instead.
8633	They lost their ill-begotten Humvee to a well-placed spike strip in the prison's yard, and found another trap that sent bullets and tear gas flying once they made their way inside the building.
8634	They lumped the non-GOP voters into bigger districts to dilute their voting power.
8635	“They make offenses one-dimensional,” Thomas said.
8636	They matched the PBO model almost exactly.
8637	They may be stealing at times and it’s not coming from over here, it’s coming on them and Mike Brumley at first trying to pick a pitch to go on.
8638	They may call it a bi-partisan committee, but my money is on the Liberals behind this idiocy.
8639	"They meet you at the door, they tell you what's going on, they explain it, and then they tell you 10 percent off,” said Judy Campbell.
8640	"They mentioned they would remember the Humane Society in their will but we never expected this," he concluded.
8641	They must be cool under pressure, ready to move into action in a split second.
8642	"They need capital punishment for that.
8643	They need to be able to grow enough food to support their families.
8644	"They never offered me any options," Means said in a statement.
8645	They offer a three-month trial at $99 that includes the necessary gear, uniform with patches and nunchaku.
8646	They offer programs in schools and other sites tied to the school system's learning goals.
8647	The young man said the woman is mistaken; that the pan belonged to him and the lady was just accusing him for nothing.
8648	The young woman eventually met Hassan, a local man.
8649	They picked up a meager game and a half on Detroit.
8650	They plan to remove as many as 118 barred owls from the area, keeping the 55 known barred owl nesting sites open over the next five years to see if spotted owls increase, said Fish and Wildlife Service biologist Robin Bown.
8651	They publish rumors as stories with the thinnest of sourcing, and then retract the stories; their most prominent writers are investors in the companies they cover; and they're self-absorbed, in a witlessly unattractive way.
8652	"They put her back on the same drugs, the same dose," said Webb, echoing an allegation in the lawsuit he filed against Webster and Lifetree.
8653	They raised their voices and joined the call for reform; they cared for their families in testing circumstances and they opened their doors to those in need.
8654	They rather default on something else.
8655	They're among the top emerging markets — countries with big populations now spending more on health care — expected to provide 40 percent of device business growth in coming years.
8656	They're aren't sure how it started, but say they say saw flames in the back yard first.
8657	They're detecting the 2:3 cadence within 1080i content (which they've had to do for years; it's part of deinterlacing).
8658	"They relocated it to another area where it's probably going to be disposed of.
8659	"They're negotiating the Zyprexa patent cliff pretty well by keeping costs down, but the question is whether they can keep tightening the belt to offset the patent expiration on Cymbalta," said Judson Clark, an analyst for Edward Jones.
8660	They represent the varied makeup of Greek life and the old-fashioned notion that you don't need to be drunk to have a good time.
8661	They're probably the deepest team.
8662	They're probably too darn lazy to wash the poop out.
8663	They’re so obscure, so hidden, that city officials aren’t even sure about their precise locations.
8664	They're still growing.
8665	"They rub her nose.
8666	They rushed to the area and found Szendrei, who was beaten so severely she died the following morning in hospital.
8667	They said the dog had never shown any signs of aggression.
8668	They say Kadyrbayev had gotten a text from Tsarnaev suggesting that he could go to his dorm room and "take what's there."
8669	They say that all fiction can be reduced to two basic plots: "a stranger comes to town" and "a man goes on a journey."
8670	They say that will be their only votes of the day.
8671	They say there have been strange phone calls too in the middle of night.
8672	"They say well you know, you see the other thing, well the decision is already taken.
8673	“They seem to think by entering the market stealthily, they can avoid public scrutiny,” said Tin Maung, a retired army major and Myanmar’s top anti-smoking campaigner.
8674	They should be banned. 35 People died in 2012 and countless other animals have died at the hands of these killing machines.
8675	They showed the picture of those two guys and … I’d never seen that before.
8676	They snuck in under the carpet and have gotten their tentacles onto everything.
8677	They spend their entire lives on their host, perish after a relatively short period of time if they fall off, and infest a single species of host, Reed told an audience at the conference sponsored by the National Association of Science Writers.
8678	They spoke to USA TODAY Sports on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the subject.
8679	They staggered into the All-Star break with 16 losses in 19 games, a season of playing short-handed certainly catching up to them.
8680	They strongly desire new and interesting places to go and if Chimelong can deliver on that it will be massively successful," he added.
8681	They suggest people bring hand sanitizer, and show up early to avoid long lines.
8682	They take their children with them and have nannies on site so when they're training it's all looked after.
8683	They tallied a weekly sum of 820 points, besting the College of Southern Idaho with 745.
8684	"They then organised a photographic pub quiz and one of the rounds was to make an iconic photograph out of Play-Doh, and so it began," says Macnair.
8685	They think we are fixated with theory, and that we can't tell stories - but we can!"
8686	They tried in vain to call whatever phone numbers they could find.
8687	They understand the plays they have to make and they just do it.”
8688	They understood that the fast growing stock Market to be a probable bubble that could burst.
8689	They've been trying to get him to start his delivery from the centre of the rubber, so that he can have his whole motion move in a straight line towards the plate.
8690	“They’ve both lettered since they were freshman, so we know what we’re going to get from them.”
8691	They’ve broken that promise,” said McInnes.
8692	''They've done it together and they haven't made it easy,'' said Lee, in his first season with New York.
8693	"They've got balance," said Dierdorf.
8694	"They've got to come to the field every day with their 'A' game or we could get embarrassed.
8695	They've led the way with their flat app design, which, arguably, has even influenced Apple in the design of its latest system software, iOS7.
8696	They've lost 11 consecutive road games, and their next three are at the Texas Rangers.
8697	"They wanted to buy gowns and tux (tuxedos).
8698	"They went through public school; the job wasn't done," LePage said in his address Tuesday.
8699	They were among five gang members on bail for the 2010 murder of former Waterford High School goalkeeper Okeeffee Lewis and his stepfather Leonard Hamilton in Newlands, St Catherine.
8700	“They were a very talented team to start with, but they definitely made some good offseason acquisitions,” Espinosa said.
8701	They were degrading their own network.
8702	They were found this week in the city of Fresno.
8703	They were four inches off the ground and would run 80 to 100 miles an hour.
8704	They were his life.
8705	They were independent and they chose who to interview.
8706	They were never taught to "pay their dues" for what they want.
8707	They were offered no opportunity, however, either of repudiation or of explanation.
8708	They were part of the only Gators class to win consecutive outright regular-season Southeastern Conference championships, but they weren't able to win the biggest games.
8709	They were really happy to see us, and so was I," Berkshire said.
8710	They were working to realign the plane and didn't notice it had slowed down until it was too late, Hersman said.
8711	"They were young last year and they have everybody coming back," Farmer said.
8712	"They will be coming with guns not with flowers, so the clashes may start at any time and this will really cause the movement of people, so it is quite normal that international authorities take an interest in this region," he added.
8713	They will spend, spend, spend and after doing that the results will be NILL.
8714	Things on defense will be smoother in coordinator Brent Venables' second season after coming over from Oklahoma.
8715	"Think of how many generations of Microsoft software are out there, for example.
8716	Think of this type of tale as similar to a mystery with a lot more moving parts.
8717	Third, the region must uphold accountability and justice.
8718	Thirteen days to go before I hang up these vestments and check my ring at the door.
8719	Thirty years ago, families sent out Christmas letters, packed with a year’s worth of the family’s joys and successes.
8720	This 19th day of November, 2013.
8721	This action led to the collapse of his regime.
8722	This administration acts like a spoiled child with daddy’s no-limit charge card and it wants to do is tax and spend which after 5 years of doing so, has devastated our country with nothing positive to show for it.
8723	“This announcement signals the willingness of New Delhi to take politically unpopular decisions to put the economy in order,” said Sujan Hajra, chief economist at Anand Rathi Financial Services.
8724	This apparently wasn’t soon enough for Jie, who angrily hit the driver with a plastic bottle (which he didn’t use for some reason) and subsequently returned to his seat.
8725	This area, this state and this country are in deep excrement for transportation improvements because the party with the (D) next to their name has advocated ignorance and Luddite solutions like 19th Century rail as a one-size-fits-all panacea.
8726	This, as teammate Shane Battier put it afterward, was LeBron sizing up a foe that — by the looks of things in the opener — plans on making his road to a second title as rocky as possible.
8727	This brings us to the Topic of this article as the introduction to our next story to be entitled "What is wrong with Liberians?"
8728	"This can be a really good football team.
8729	This can quickly lead to confusion about what actual date the graphs on the display relate to.
8730	This case is an exception.
8731	This comes as lawmakers close in on a final budget deal.
8732	"This committee will benefit the state to plan and implement comprehensive preventative, control and support services and more importantly benefit patients and their families by meeting their needs for quality care," the department said.
8733	“This conclusion further underscores the issues at Hess and the need for change.”
8734	This constant mentioning of the NRA.
8735	This cost will be shared by 75 jurisdictions.
8736	"This decision today does not mean that I will be giving up looking for Kyron," she said.
8737	This dismal testimony (which one can easily imagine being given in parts of Greece, Portugal or Spain) was balanced to some extent by that of another man who had moved from Berlin to Grimmen in search of a quieter life and was delighted to have found it.
8738	"This doesn't mean that bald people should worry," said study author Elinor Fondell, researcher at Harvard School of Public Health.
8739	This dwarfed the liberal counter-rallies, which generally attracted only a few dozen people and often seemed to have been organized chiefly to supply the counterpoint (and video footage) on the local news.
8740	This experience has made me even more committed to turn this business around.
8741	This fact is in itself is not a revelation, when the Somali civil war first began; Yemen unilaterally opened its borders to the Somalia people and continues to do so till today.
8742	This fall's crop of new shows will not go down as one of broadcast's best or most successful, but it did produce a few keepers — with this engaging Sherlock Holmes update chief among them.
8743	This filler segment gives us one last chance to see Lady the pink cockatoo.
8744	This followed a two-dog trial in which he beat established star Leamaneigh Mick by two and a half lengths, having led Mick from traps to line.
8745	This followed the suspension of provincial chairman, Mike Madiro and the subsequent petition to Mugabe asking him to rein in Mutasa accusing him of dictatorial tendencies and imposition of candidates, allegations he has flatly denied.
8746	This from a man who has opted out of the city’s campaign-finance system, choosing to use his own fortune instead of public funds to propel himself into office.
8747	This gives China more reason to reject a US presence in its EEZ and to push harder on the Diaoyu Islands.
8748	This Government has introduced two Energy Bills since the last election.
8749	This grande dame was built in 1946 to attract the Hollywood crowd.
8750	This group of guys, us, we made history already."
8751	This hardly looked like the Vikings' group that handed the NFC champion Niners their first loss last fall, a 24-13 victory Sept. 23 in Minneapolis.
8752	This has always been my dream.
8753	This has become a common occurrence in the country, and the refugees claim that this instability has further dissuaded them from returning.
8754	"This has been a really extraordinary season for us," says Environmental Services Manager Brenda Wallace.
8755	"This included missile warheads, aerial bombs and mixing and filling equipment.
8756	This includes acting with honesty, integrity and following company policies and guidelines,” Walmart media relations spokeswoman Ashley Hardie told ABCNews.
8757	This intersection of politics and business, combined with a minimum wage of $9.50 a week that has made Bangladesh the go-to nation for many of the world's largest clothing brands, has made dangerous factory conditions almost normal, experts say.
8758	This is a big reason why I stopped dating.
8759	"This is about trusting the moral standards of those young people whom we have invested years of education and nurturing - our children," said Caspar Peek, UNFPA Representative for Thailand and Country Director for Malaysia.
8760	“This is a chance for us to give back and do a gift of gratitude for all that was done for our ancestor 200 years ago,” said Frances Orton, president of the family organization.
8761	“This is an essential building block to a more robust and ambitious trade relationship, and it is a welcome indication that both sides are prepared to press for significant outcomes,” he said.
8762	This is an outdoorsman's kind of place.
8763	This is a platform for the non-teaching staff of the ministry to share best working practices and create work-related links with each another to ensure that you go back to your offices and carry out your work in the best way possible,” she stated.
8764	"This is a region whose population is young, it's dynamic, it's forward looking, has high growth rates and that's why we're putting a special emphasis," he explained.
8765	"This is a terrific health care center," Pitkin said recently as he waited for a checkup with the center's senior physician, Dr. John Matthew.
8766	This is a very good beginning for the new Katikkiro Charles Peter Mayiga.
8767	This is a young man who is capable of being redeemed.
8768	This is completely bogus and utterly tacky,” she said.
8769	This is completely self serving in the midst of unspeakable anguish.
8770	"This is due to the resentment and animosity still felt by many of the families and survivors that our very organization represents," the foundation wrote in a statement.
8771	This is entirely unacceptable.
8772	This is even after the MSM presstitutes have been brainwashing the American public 24/7.
8773	This is fallacious and commonly suggested in discussions about many issues.
8774	This is good, the lady has a job, and hopefully is not drawing unemployment benefits at the same time.
8775	This is intended to deter joke candidates.
8776	This is likely a combination of Nokia’s two-decade, painstaking brand-building work and the ongoing impasse between China Mobile and Apple.
8777	This is made possible by the so called 'peace agreement' between Egypt and Israel which puts a limit on the number of Egyptian soldiers stationed in Sinai : 700 to 2000, very small figure for this wide area.
8778	This is NASA's 21st mission to Mars since the 1960s.
8779	"This is not a full-body check," Shanahan said.
8780	This isn't a list of the best sausages - otherwise it would be filled with the likes of Hot Doug's and Butcher & Larder.
8781	This isn't The Great Gatsby.
8782	This is one of the few places in the UK where you'll be awaken by a lion's roar.
8783	“This is part of living here — when you have a nice day, you take the opportunity to enjoy the day, the colors,” Carr said.
8784	This is s dirty secret among state and local governments, which pay hundreds of..
8785	This is so sad and tragic.
8786	"This is the beginning of a lifetime of promise, achievement and the great satisfaction of finding a life's work that is fulfilling to each student.
8787	This is the challenge with the Corcoran Gallery of Art’s “How Is the World: Recent Acquisitions of Contemporary Photography.”
8788	This is the first school year when every public school in Oregon is using Common Core teaching standards.
8789	"This is the first time I've ever had a conversation with the president lasting more than, say, two minutes or televised exchanges," said Rep. Paul Ryan, who sat down to that broiled sea bass with Obama at the White House on Thursday.
8790	This is the first time since 2006 that numbers have been so high.
8791	“This is the new normal,” said Diane Dyson, public-policy director with Toronto’s Woodgreen Community Services.
8792	"This is the only way in the end to solve this tragic and bloody conflict in Syria," Hague said.
8793	This is the second new bird flu strain to emerge in humans this year in China.
8794	This is the second renewal of the GSA contract for Jeron and first time that the contract includes an Economic Price Adjustment (EPA).
8795	"This is truly a tragic loss again for the Marine Corps, which has had a number of tragic losses in the last couple of weeks," he said.
8796	This is very unprofessional KIMA!
8797	This is well established in clinical trials of different populations and different countries.”
8798	This is what the bloggers over at the Wall Street Journal are saying about the report.
8799	"This is what we've been waiting for.
8800	This is why Europeans should be nervous.
8801	This is why we include the ability for parents to set meaningful time limits for activities in the parental portal.
8802	"This is your second home.
8803	This June 8, 2013 photo provided …
8804	This kind of crazy shit happens every day in Baltimore, and another stack of gun laws wont change a thing.
8805	"This law will also help prevent the seemingly endless appeals that do nothing more than game the system and delay justice."
8806	This led to overcrowding as government funding for classrooms, student halls and other facilities did not keep up with the ballooning student population.
8807	This little gem with Elizabeth Berkley "is one of those films that critics absolutely trashed when it came out.
8808	This makes it of course much harder to attract attention to the LRA crisis, as its activities are not very different, or even less harmful, compared to other armed actors in the region.
8809	This makes sense considering the bible was written during a period of time when cultures used to bury children in postholes to protect buildings from demons.
8810	"This makes sense, since those who feel the need to buy a new device the very weekend it launches are most likely the power users who want the highest-end phone experience," said Localytics analyst Bernd Leger.
8811	"This may have driven higher simultaneous usage of the registration system that wouldn’t have occurred if consumers could 'window shop' anonymously," he said.
8812	This means communication among fishermen, scientists and managers is key and that adaptation has to be flexible as climate changes occur.
8813	This means that Paris has to balance its interests with the Arab world with its role in the Western alliance.
8814	This mention is worthy because the South African media has already been a huge part of this sad tale, and make no mistake, will continue to be so.
8815	This might seem a distant possibility to most Americans – but political assassinations in Afghanistan are common.
8816	This month, adidas Originals announced the return of the Stan Smith shoe.
8817	This narrative is true, up to a point: Even a country without Germany's past might be upset to learn the NSA was tapping the phone of its elected leader.
8818	“This particular Lotus is certainly up there amongst the most famous cars of all time,” said Max Girardo, RM’s managing director in Europe, in an e-mail.
8819	This photo provided by Pierce County …
8820	This photo, received from the Sri Lankan Ministry of Defence on May 18, 2009, is said to show troops …
8821	This pick os totally about the corruption of political payback.
8822	This pig known as 'Santa's Little Helper' is up for adoption from the Calgary Humane Society.
8823	This pleading works.
8824	This project should start immediately.
8825	This reduces oil dependence and lowers emissions.
8826	"This Royal Navy vessel will help us open a lifeline and allow us to help many more victims of the disaster," she said.
8827	This safety standard requires all businesses to provide safety training for their employees, "In the absence of an infirmary..
8828	This season, he is 5 for 9 as a pinch hitter, including leading the Mets to two final-inning wins this week.
8829	"This shirt represents him," Canterbury said.
8830	This Star-Advertiser file photo shows the crumbling facade of the Waikiki War Memorial Natatorium.
8831	This story and these people have TRASH written all over it.
8832	This story is about a group of misfit youngsters in search of a long-lost ancient pirate ship filled with treasure.
8833	This time it's personal.
8834	This time, it was Beltran who went deep off Ervin Santana to give the Cardinals a 2-0 lead after just seven pitches.
8835	This time the changes leave the door open for Gale to really make his presence (and his intentions with Katniss) known in the two-part "Mockingjay" final installments.
8836	“This took two months to make.
8837	"This Town Needs Guns was simply a name chosen by a group of friends who wanted to make music together," reads the band's official statement on its website.
8838	This trend is not going to stop and many people in the future may never have jobs.
8839	This undated Amazon.com image shows a prototype of their Prime Air delivery drone which Amazon hopes to use to deliver packages to customers in as little as 30 minutes, Dec. 2, 2013.
8840	"This was a very passionate project for me", says Producer Arash Farsi.
8841	“This was a while coming.
8842	This was called into question by Berlin's behavior during the NATO mission in Libya.
8843	This was contained in the TUC's proposals to the government on the 2013 Budget Statement and Economic Policy which was released at the time of the withdrawal of some subsidies on petroleum products.
8844	"This was definitely a family decision, and it was a decision I wanted to do."
8845	This was mainly due to an increase in personnel-related expenses and bandwidth leasing costs.
8846	This was Michigan, the nation's top-ranked offensive team, playing with supreme confidence and getting a star performance from a role player.
8847	This wasn't about wanting to protect the neighborhood, it was about wanting to exert power, to be the hero.
8848	"This was pretty shocking to me that I couldn't remember.
8849	This was the third time Dolan has had his work nominated for a Cesar Award.
8850	This was two years ago but Boru has not bought this for prestige.
8851	This weekend, the Times takes on a different subdivision of this well-educated demographic: ambitious 20-somethings who embrace low pay and long hours with masochistic hopefulness.
8852	This week is one of the most crucial weeks in the history of the U.S. mission in Afghanistan.
8853	This week’s ice storm knocked out power to all of this Lincoln County town from Monday night into Tuesday, leaving the 1,765 Central Maine Power Co. customers in the dark.
8854	This week's radio address includes nothing new.
8855	This week, the major piece of economic data comes out Friday.
8856	This week we add a new feature: suggestions for using one of the graphic organizers from our "Teaching Any Day's Times" collection.
8857	"This will be another confirmation of walk to work.
8858	This will be the first road game of the season for Boise State.
8859	This will happen more and more often; it is, like it or not, the natural reaction which leads to a preference of David over Goliath.
8860	This will look better than a variety of colors.
8861	"This will open the door for Suncore, Teck and Total to come in and put another big mine in the same area, Marcel said.
8862	This would coincide with teasers we heard from Shakira's fan site earlier today.
8863	This would have ended poorly if they approached a CPL holder.
8864	This would have NEVER HAPPENED if she would have just taken the ticket and fought it in court, if she wasn't in the wrong to begin with.
8865	This would include cutting employees.
8866	This year 27 organizations received Governor's Awards and 14 received honorable mention awards.
8867	This year’s beneficiary is Sumner resident Dean Inglin, who has brain cancer and needs help with medical costs and home remodeling.
8868	This year she wowed in "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" and "American Hustle."
8869	This year, we celebrate the 141st anniversary of the birth of Calvin Coolidge and the invention of Vaseline.
8870	Thomas' constitutional philosophy is simple, Gerber says: All Americans should be treated as individuals and not as members of a racial or ethnic group.
8871	Thornton is survived by his wife Beryl, daughter Jane, and three grandchildren.
8872	Those achievements include voting rights, school desegregation and Obama's history-making election in 2008 as America's first black president.
8873	Those are lab-confirmed flu deaths.
8874	Those are not religious symbols.
8875	Those burritos have a way of hanging around don,t they.
8876	Those changes will help the city make expected purchases in coming months, including a new vehicle for the city fire department.
8877	Those Hasids sing a friggin good tune and the leader in the blackcoat doin it the smartway and reading from his phone.
8878	Those interested in the social sciences saw the election of the first black president and the demise of Osama Bin Laden.
8879	Those in the most far flung reaches of the reserve spend about two hours a day on a bus getting to and from the school.
8880	Those long trucks, when they make sharp turns the back can swing out wide.
8881	Those seniors buy a lot of vitamins, medical aids, and incontinence care products.
8882	Those tests showed a dip in fluid levels in Tank T-111.
8883	"Those that anticipate, that innovate, will be the most successful," said Craig.
8884	Those the court believes have a higher likelihood of committing more crimes in the future have more stringent terms of probation.
8885	"Those who do not know history's mistakes are doomed to repeat them."
8886	Those who paid by cash, check or deibt card may have a tough time getting their money back.
8887	Those who select Combat Sambo, should have a knowledge of at least a minimum of kicks, punches, throws, arm locks, hold downs – these are all being used and allowed.
8888	Those who voted for Lapid deserve full credit for what is about to hit the hard working People of Israel.
8889	Those who work in blue collar professions have physically demanding jobs and work hard for their money.
8890	Those with allergies to chicken eggs, have had severe reactions to flu shots in the past or who have suffered Guillain-Barre Syndrome should not get the vaccination.
8891	Those with college degrees felt more job security than those with less education.
8892	Though his head coach didn't watch it, Roethlisberger said he did catch a couple of episodes of "Hard Knocks" just to see Harrison in a different uniform.
8893	Though it's still early to know the extent of the spill's impact, underwater video footage revealed massive die-offs of fish.
8894	Though it was close to the edge of Harris County, they found 10555 Pearland Parkway was still within the county’s jurisdiction.
8895	Though it will be eclipsed by next month's Oscars, the show outdrew other recent awards shows, including the Country Music Association Awards and the Emmys.
8896	Though many people may think it's a dying industry, Rangel disagrees.
8897	Though New Orleans has many troubling statistics -- including high poverty rates, especially among children -- the mayor 10 months ago called murder "the single most important issue facing our city."
8898	Though not exclusively confined to Apple devices, there is a nationwide increase in the public theft of gadgets.
8899	Though she originally supported another candidate, Ladenburg said Tuesday, “I am fully confident that Kevin is going to be an excellent judge.”
8900	Thought for Today: "All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them."
8901	Though the cause of the accident hasn't been determined, Rory Williams told the Ouray Watch newspaper that it wasn't related to a cave-in or mine collapse.
8902	Though the diet and exercise group members seemed to have a head start at lowering their LDL, at the end of the study both groups had arrived at the same average of about 110 milligrams per deciliter.
8903	Though the services sector survey found an uptick in business last month, "a number of respondents indicate that they are negatively impacted by the government shutdown," the ISM said.
8904	Though we can't be born alone, we can achieve dying alone, often by having lived too individualistically.
8905	Though you are not a professional poet, you wrote a poem to express what you saw in the photograph.
8906	Three former and current legislators vying for the Puyallup-centered 25th Legislative District are looking to hold onto primary leads heading into the general election.
8907	Three funnel clouds - twisters that don't touch the ground - were confirmed near Harrisburg, Corvallis and Hillsboro.
8908	Three-hundred of those tips came within the last year.
8909	Three men were seriously injured two separate traffic incidents this evening.
8910	Three men were taken into custody in connection with the find.
8911	Three Michigan facilities received shipments of the contaminated steroids, which were used to treat back and joint pain.
8912	Three months later, much of the recovery crawls along, still in the infant stages of what is shaping up to be a drawn-out process.
8913	" Three opportunities, you get six points and they score 28," said Chargers rookie coach Mike McCoy, who was Denver's offensive coordinator the past four seasons.
8914	Three other people charged in the case - one of the assailants, and two women who were outside waiting in a car - have pleaded guilty and are now in jail.
8915	Three other "persons of interest" were taken into custody, but all have been released pending further investigation.
8916	Three others are charged with murder.
8917	Three servings of blueberries, for example, cut the risk of diabetes by 26%, while eating apples, pears, bananas and grapefruits also had a positive, albeit much smaller, effect.
8918	Three to four months not two to three months.
8919	Three very different proposals were presented Monday for one of the most potentially memorable sites in San Francisco - 8 acres facing the marsh at Crissy Field, downhill from the Presidio's Main Post.
8920	Three weeks ago, Mr. Cole’s album had a strong opening with 297,000 sales, but that week’s No. 1 was Kanye West’s “Yeezus” (Roc-A-Fella/Def Jam), which had 327,000.
8921	Three were killed Saturday; a fourth was confirmed dead Sunday.
8922	Three years after Bishop Arthur Brazier’s death, Emanuel wants Brazier’s memory to live on — not with another one of Chicago’s countless honorary street designations — but by permanently renaming Stony Island, from 56th Street to 130th.
8923	Throughout the 2000s, emerging-market funds that simply track the indexes were a great bet.
8924	Throughout the city, as well, one notices men in bright orange uniforms diligently sweeping streets, sidewalks and city parks, clocking an average of a little more than a mile a day.
8925	Throughout the day Friday, reporters saw Syrians flocking to stores for non-perishable food, candles and other necessities, but otherwise showing few signs of panic.
8926	Throughout the United States he drives and rides pink fire trucks to bring attention to the battle.
8927	Through such avenues, young innovators like Sangwa can be assisted to bring their dreams to reality.
8928	"Through the rollout of supercentres across the country we've learned that local is very important to customers," said John Brea, vice-president Atlantic Canada.
8929	Thursday, Martin's friend continued her testimony.
8930	Thursday was a "National Day to Demand Action" in which gun-control advocacy groups are holding more than 140 public events in 29 states to pressure lawmakers.
8931	Tickets ($45) are still available online.
8932	Tien said he believed the government may fail to gain enough support from LegCo when the time comes to table its proposals.
8933	Tiger Woods of the United States, left, holds up his ball after putting on the 14th green as Graeme …
8934	Till then sit down and shut up.
8935	Tim Arango reports from Baghdad.
8936	Timberlake received his pop/rock favorite male artist award from Swift and thanked "everyone who took to their Twitter and got busy" before strapping on an acoustic guitar to play a soulfully raucous version of "Drink You Away."
8937	Time for a LEADER to step up and get GOP aganda corrected!
8938	Time to up your Photoshop game, Ben.
8939	Tim Farron, the party president, said in an interview with The House magazine on Thursday he had yet to make up his mind.
8940	Tim Tebow has been insulted so much during his stint with the New York Jets that it's impossible to say the following "adds insult to injury."
8941	Tina Owens, the executive director of the Lost Fish Coalition, a group supporting reef conservation, counters there’s been relatively little development along the Puako coastline compared to, say, Maui where development onshore has harmed reefs.
8942	TINLEY PARK, Ill. (AP) - Illinois Republicans are unveiling an analysis of what went wrong in the 2012 election and what it will take to do better at the polls in the future.
8943	T.J. Lane smirked as he listened to the judge during sentencing today in Chardon, Ohio.
8944	TM: It all depends on how many people we will have registered to vote.
8945	TMZ reports that Tim Duncan, all-star center for the San Antonio Spurs, has moved to postpone divorce proceedings with his wife until after the team's last playoff game.
8946	To answer their question I start by saying that when I’m here at Wellspring House, there is no cell phone reception.
8947	To apply for the Event Planning Enthusiast positions, please email Juli Cedano at juli@superinterns.com or call 978-857-4759.
8948	To attend, contact Robert Steiner at 775-847-4493 or by email to robert@silverlandusa.
8949	To become familiar with the brand, you need to see it on average seven times.
8950	To be perfectly honest – I'm not a huge fan of the community organizer in chief – with a Law degree.
8951	To be precise, I am prepared to bet $51 of my money against $49 of those who want to bet that by December 31, 2013, Iran will either have a nuclear weapon or have been the target of a major bombing attack.
8952	To be sent to boring old Scotland with boring old Aunt Agatha, at least until she's old enough to couch her married-man attraction behind a journalism job as Edith has.
8953	To be sure, a forthcoming summit, like "the prospect of hanging" in Samuel Johnson's phrase, "concentrates the mind wonderfully" or, in this case, provides a spur to bureaucratic and diplomatic activity.
8954	To compensate, the reform has proposed the setting up of a Chilean-style fiscal rule to allow for countercyclical spending while capping spending during the good years.
8955	To contact the Rate My Hospital team with tips or information related to the series, please email ratemyhospital@cbc.ca.
8956	To date, the WHO has been notified of 40 confirmed infections with the virus, which has been recently named MERS, for Middle Eastern respiratory syndrome coronavirus.
8957	Today, 20 years after it first began sharing readers' experiences, Chicken Soup for the Soul continues to provide extraordinary stories through its new books but has also evolved beyond the bookstore.
8958	Today America's black community is undeniably made up of many ethnicities, national origins and religions each having distinct histories, worldviews, languages as well as health and wellness practices.
8959	Today, Bahneman is at peace with the treatment her daughter received.
8960	Today, black people are left to rot in shacks.
8961	TODAY contributor Elizabeth Mayhew explains how to maneuver stores’ policies.
8962	Today he refused to comment after standing up in court and pleading guilty to breach of trust in a voice so soft the judge had to ask him to repeat himself.
8963	Today, he's in college and we have a strong, loving relationship and mutual respect for one another.
8964	Today red drapes were placed over the balcony window overlooking St. Peter's Square, where the new pope will emerge once elected, and in the evening staff for the conclave were set to swear an oath of secrecy.
8965	Today Tunisia's constituent assembly approved a new cabinet lineup that the ruling Ennahda (Al Nahda) party hopes will resolve deadlock over its sway within the coalition government.
8966	Today we're making Eco Music.
8967	To donate items for the auction, call 908-310-2953 or drop off items at Artworks in the Litchfield Exchange or the library.
8968	To drive conversations with followers, Japie advises that brands try posing questions in their updates.
8969	To eliminate bad breath, braces wearers have to brush and floss with more care.
8970	To examine if this is just a matter of people liking gifts, regardless of sex and commitment, the researchers asked a different group of women to view a non-sexual ad in both gift and non-gift positioning.
8971	To finally find out what happened in Libya or about a dog walker."
8972	Together with their five children, they have become full-on fjord fans.
8973	To get started, he sought out a financier and approached a wealthy businessman from his clan.
8974	To have this man who was this ghost, who was experiencing this tragedy.
8975	To help keep overall mass down and improve the front-to-rear weight balance, the Colorado features a segment-first aluminum hood.
8976	To help stem insider attacks, both NATO and Afghan security forces devoted more counterintelligence resources to monitor communications by Afghan troops on leave, including whom those troops associated with when visiting family at home.
8977	TOKYO (AP) - A U.N. nuclear watchdog team said Japan may need longer than the projected 40 years to decommission its tsunami-crippled nuclear plant and urged its operator to improve plant stability.
8978	Told by the Sun Sentinel of Riley’s response, James said, “Oh man, that’s awesome.”
8979	Tom Burgess, George's twin brother and fellow prop forward, joined his three brothers at the club in August 2012 when he also moved from Bradford Bulls.
8980	“To me, the distortion of reality in the side of metal and mirrors is always fascinating.”
8981	"To me, the season is representative of what we do — it's very dynamic," said Houghton.
8982	To minimize business interruption for its clients, allRisk's full service general contracting team is able to seamlessly transition any project from emergency mitigation to complete restoration.
8983	Tom Watson, among others, has argued that it should lend its support to the Conservative MP Adam Afriyie’s legislative amendment calling for an early referendum.
8984	"To my boys I say your mother's a stripper.
8985	Tonight, she leads the show through another one of its serious turns as Marjorie reveals that she's battling breast cancer.
8986	Tony Romo on Broncos secondary: “They grab, hold, put a lot of pressure on the refs”
8987	Top 4 teams in each division make playoffs, 2 division champs play in conference finals and 2 conference champs play in the Stanley Cup.
8988	Top NHL draft prospects and Halifax Mooseheads teammates Nathan MacKinnon and Jonathan Drouin are among 35 players who were invited on Friday to Hockey Canada's national junior summer development camp.
8989	To pull off the bid, Mr. Dell has teamed up with the investment firm Silver Lake Partners and Microsoft, as well as four banks to line up more than $13 billion in financing.
8990	To push even further, it's worth asking why more homers are being hit, especially with pitchers becoming more dominant.
8991	To put it another way, in real terms, corporate takings have rocketed, wages have stagnated or fallen.
8992	To put it mildly, we aren’t used to this sort of attention.
8993	To raise money to fund spending they set up thousands of financing vehicles, racking up debts that Fitch Ratings said in April increase risks to the country’s financial stability.
8994	To receive calls in these apps, you need to enable call forwarding to your Google Chat address.
8995	To reduce their dependency on loans, students should consider working part time while going to college.
8996	To remedy that, some retailers are training their salespeople on when to approach shoppers — and when not to.
8997	Toronto earned six corners in the first half but put only one shot on net.
8998	Toronto Fire also said that every home should also have a battery-operated smoke alarm and carbon monoxide detector on each level.
8999	TORONTO - If Hollywood remains the symbolic dream factory, more than ever the Toronto International Film Festival qualifies as the dream factory's biggest buzz saw.
9000	Toronto police allege that Ashton Bell pointed a firearm at members of a restaurant and later fired the gun when he was outside the building.
9001	Toronto police says it has foiled a multi-million dollar fraud scheme that saw a network of 25 people trick major banks into loaning money to phoney businesses.
9002	Toronto police say they were called to the scene of the collision at Sheppard Avenue West and Kodiak Crescent shortly after 11:30 a.m.
9003	TORONTO — The Toronto International Film Festival greeted Matthew McConaughey with a rousing standing ovation for his performance in "Dallas Buyers Club."
9004	Tortosa had its first G. A. I. N. fall fest and potluck on Saturday at Tortosa’s main park.
9005	To say he is an idiot without all the facts (based on this news story) is in itself stupidity and ignorant.
9006	To say thank you to the African countries that donated Spitfires to the war effort, branches of the Samaritans are being set up across the continent.
9007	To see what might happen under the TTIP, one only need look at a few examples from the corporate wish list.
9008	Toss out the tater tots and pass the bed red potatoes: Spokane Public Schools is ushering in the new school year with some jumbo-size changes in the cafeteria all in the name of better health.
9009	To "stand up" would mean keeping secrets amidst pressure from authorities.
9010	To start with, what are they feeding themselves and all these kids off; WIC?
9011	To stop demanding that her young son Hamish get a shutout in every single one of his hockey games.
9012	Total has offered a pay rise of up to 1.5 percent.
9013	Totally opposed Nuclear power energy and throughh his doing and others in the Labour party caused the present catastrophic position.
9014	Total revenue fell to $1.2bn in the quarter from $1.37bn a year ago.
9015	Total views for her 250-plus videos: more than 13.8 million.
9016	To the fishermen around the country whose livelihoods may hinge on this funding, nothing is less relevant than a political point made at their expense.”
9017	To those children like Max, these abstract questions mean nothing.
9018	To those learners who have completed school and are at home doing nothing, remember you too have a great gift, which is life.
9019	"To try to reduce the spread of flu and other winter bugs, we have launched the 'Catch It. Bin It. Kill It' campaign.
9020	To turn it off, touch the disc again.
9021	To underscore that determination to exalt all things new, the Sochi Games have already assured themselves of delivering at least five Winter Olympic "firsts."
9022	Toussaint probably will share the load earlier and more often than he has so far this year.
9023	Town Hall later moved to its present location near Wexford Plantation in the early 1990s.
9024	Toy chain giant Modelzone is closing its two stores in Kent after administrators failed to find a buyer.
9025	Toy created in garage in 1959.
9026	Toyota has considered raising efficiency by matching competitors with start-stop engine technology and cylinder deactivation to improve ratings -- but decided against the measures due to cost.
9027	Toyota Motor Corporation The all-new 2014 Toyota Corolla.
9028	Tracy Porteous, director of the Ending Violence Association of B.C., says the city has been grappling with high levels of domestic violence since 2005.
9029	Trade Minister Mustapa Mohamed said a resilient Asia as well as a recovery in the U.S. market this year will boost demand for electrical and electronic products, palm oil and furniture.
9030	Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on January 2, 2013 in New York City.
9031	Trade sanctions against the Faroe Islands are introduced because of an international dispute over who has the right to fish herring.
9032	"Traditionally, the father is the provider, but also now, you couple that with the additional societal expectation that they're more involved in the child-rearing, so what's going to give?" he wondered.
9033	Traffic stop leads to drug arrest of 2 people from Wash.
9034	Tragically -- or, perhaps, naively -- he didn't see it coming.
9035	Training was held just two weeks ago.
9036	Transocean Ltd. is scheduled to make an initial court appearance in New Orleans Wednesday for its plea agreement with the Justice Department over the company's role in the massive 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
9037	Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood, in a conference call with reporters Tuesday, denied allegations by Republicans that he’s making a political statement by imposing the furloughs in an area that’s visible to taxpayers.
9038	Transportation Security Administration officer Gerardo Hernandez was killed in the shooting.
9039	“Trans-species” DNA transfers occur haphazardly in nature through viruses and bacteria.
9040	"Tresco is an ideal place for these very cute little animals," he told BBC News.
9041	TRL is asking for 56 votes in annual commissioner elections, to be cast by the association on behalf of individual time-share owners.
9042	Troopers estimate the car driven by 26-year-old Jessica Marie Rath of Astoria, Ore., hit the tree sometime early Wednesday morning.
9043	Troopers said the motorcycle had a flat tire, and the rider tried to get to the shoulder.
9044	Troopers say there is no indication of alcohol or drugs, and that high speed is the main factor in the crash.
9045	Troyer said that deputies shot and killed the dog that stayed behind after it growled at them.
9046	True stories of NHS Reforms', published in 1997, it documents NHS persecution of clinicians who had the temerity to put patients first.
9047	Trustees received letters from people interested in filling Ditzler's seat, which is something they didn't ask for.
9048	Try to blow yourself up because you are cooking hash oil, well you get what you get.
9049	Tsai, who also once served as deputy representative to the US, underlined the role Washington plays in Taiwan’s security and would play in the case of another Taiwan Strait crisis.
9050	TUCSON, Ariz. — A man convicted of setting a fire that killed 29 people in a downtown hotel here faced new charges Tuesday and entered a no-contest plea that will pave the way for him to leave prison after 41 years.
9051	Tuesday's vote prompted Democrats to threaten anew to unilaterally rewrite Senate rules to make it harder for the chamber's minority party to block nominations.
9052	Tuesday, the sheriff's office announced a $5,000 reward for information about the teen's death that could lead investigators to the driver or the vehicle that hit him.
9053	Tuition at South Korean universities has soared in recent years and is now twice the average in Taiwan, while Japanese schools are three times as expensive as their Taiwanese counterparts, the report said.
9054	Tulisa Contostavlos performing at the V festival in Chelmsford, Essex.
9055	Tummy Time and the American Hitmen are just the latest Utahns to take the stage on reality television this season.
9056	Tunik had a point to make, and the local government let him use the Zócalo, the city’s main square, for the occasion.
9057	Tunis — Supporters of legitimacy held a mass rally at Kasbah Square on Saturday evening.
9058	Tunis — Tunisia condemned Wednesday "the violation of constitutional legality in the Central African Republic which jeopardises security, peace and stability in this region."
9059	Turaki stated this during a meeting with the leadership of the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF).
9060	TurboTax products and services made up 35 percent of Intuit's $4.2 billion in total revenues last year.
9061	Turkey's border with Syria is 900 kilometers (560 miles) long.
9062	Turkey's government announced late last year that its intelligence agency was talking to the rebels' jailed leader Abdullah Ocalan with the aim of persuading the group to disarm.
9063	Turkey trapping is a hard, seven-day-a-week job, and they were the ones out there getting it done."
9064	Twelve minutes later, Heiko Westermann was judged to have pulled down Daniel Caligiuri in the box, and the referee blew his whistle.
9065	Twenty-five states reported increases, 17 had decreases, and eight states and the District of Columbia reported no change in the number of 16- and 17-year-old driver deaths.
9066	Twenty-six of the group are foreigners - six of them Britons - and Greenpeace said they would be free to leave Russia once they had the right stamps in their passports.
9067	Twilight for zombies, this is not.
9068	TWIN FALLS -- Police believe a bank robber made an unusual getaway just before noon Tuesday after he held up a Zions Bank on Blue Lakes Boulevard in Twin Falls.
9069	Twitter has also been abuzz with reports that users have received password reset e-mails, including some repeated attempts, as reports from Neowin and Hacker News noted.
9070	Two (2) men aged 29 and 27 years are in custody after police arrested them for possession of an unlicensed firearm and ammunition on Tuesday 29thJanuary 2013.
9071	Two former University of Charleston basketball players pleaded not guilty to charges stemming from an attack in April at the intersection of Laidley Street and Virginia Street East.
9072	Two House Democrats voted for the delay on Obamacare, while two Republicans voted against it; otherwise the vote split along party lines.
9073	Two important points need to be stressed.
9074	"Two injections," he said.
9075	Two insurance executives outside the firm's headquarters in Zurich described their colleagues as "somewhat shellshocked" and said Ackermann's departure was a surprise for the industry.
9076	Two jail officials have been suspended from their jobs, Kumar said.
9077	Two more staffers from Mayor Rob Ford’s office have quit their posts at city hall, but Ford brushed off the resignations Thursday, saying “things are going great and we’re doing fine.”
9078	Two of Mandela's daughters - Zindzi and Zenani - were at the screening at the Odeon in Leicester Square when they were told of the death of their father.
9079	Two of the three victims were sent to the hospital with injuries, one with a concussion.
9080	Two of the winning spots will be reserved for contestants with zero acting experience (roles previously taken by Megan Fox, Shia LaBeouf, and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley).
9081	Two people were killed and an 8-year-old boy was injured in a shooting late Tuesday afternoon in Mid-City.
9082	Two psychiatric evaluations concluded that Goh suffers from paranoid schizophrenia.
9083	Two Richmond men, aged 22 and 31, a Vancouver man, 25, and a 25-year-old Surrey man were arrested.
9084	Two security sources said on Sunday that the army and special forces had opened fire on residents who stormed a post at the entrance to the camp, allegations denied by Maliki's adviser.
9085	Two shooters opened fire on the 23-year-old in the 900 block of East 82nd, wounding him in the chest, police said.
9086	Two songs not featured in the movie, “How Can Love Survive” and “No Way to Stop It” will be in the NBC production.
9087	Two spectacular al Qaeda prison breaks in Iraq, freeing over 500 of its members in two separate prisons simultaneously this week, demonstrate the group is back with a vengeance.
9088	Two years of drought and a constant slow warming across the Sierra Nevada also worked to turn the Rim Fire into an inferno.
9089	Tyagi was India's air force chief from 2004 to 2007.
9090	T.Y. Lin International's lead designer on the project, Marwan Nader, took the expert panel's advice and abandoned plans to galvanize the type of bolts that had worried Duan.
9091	Tyner says he lived a high-stress life, working two full time jobs, drinking three six packs of diet soda a day and being overweight.
9092	Typical fare includes a look at the joys of alpaca ownership, a dramatic kitten rescue from under a home’s floorboards, and the customized rebuild of a 1960s Ford Mustang (a Cars.
9093	Typical of the local media KGET.
9094	Tyson Ross (0-3) walked Todd Helton to lead off the 10th.
9095	UFC President Dana White teased some announcements at the pre-event presser.
9096	Uggla walked to load the bases for Gattis.
9097	Uhuru Kenyatta and William Ruto are accused of orchestrating violence after elections in 2007.
9098	Uhuru Kenyatta was elected president in March, 2013, despite the fact that the Western World was threatening to cut ties with Kenya if both Uhuru and William Ruto were elected.
9099	UK researchers have found that a dangerous infection which is becoming more common in people with cystic fibrosis can spread between patients.
9100	"Ultimately in the long term, gas and renewables are really well paired," said Christina Simeone, the director of PennFuture Energy Center, which is run by an environmental group.
9101	Umpire Wally Bell was back behind the plate when the game resumed with Aumont throwing a fastball that Cozart fouled back.
9102	U.N.-Arab League envoy Lakhdar Brahimi traveled to Damascus Monday as part of his regional trip to try to drum up support for the conference.
9103	"Uncertainty was the rule of the day."
9104	Under Article 135 (b) of the Transitional Constitution 2011, the Minister of Justice is mandated to represent the government in Court or any other Legal proceedings to which any level of the government is a party.
9105	Under Birdies for Charity, participating charities ask supporters to pledge a small amount for each birdie made during the tournament at Harbour Town Golf Links.
9106	Under both city ordinance and state law, it is illegal to operate a motor vehicle while intoxicated, city prosecutor Lowell C. Gard said in an email.
9107	Under Chen, the commission’s strict harness has helped lower the nation’s bad loan ratio to a record low, but the financial sector’s contribution to GDP growth has continually declined, Yin said.
9108	Under existing anti-terrorism legislation, membership in a criminal organization is a flagrant crime for which the Golden Dawn deputies can be prosecuted without the parliament needing to lift their immunity.
9109	Under German law, weapons exports require approval by a special government panel of top politicians.
9110	Under normal circumstances, that amount of headroom would last approximately two months.
9111	Under North Korean law, defectors face a minimum of five years of hard labor and as much as life in prison or the death penalty in cases deemed particularly serious.
9112	Under the license, no more than 15 percent of a store’s sales may come from beer and wine purchases, according to the Alcoholic Beverage Regulation Administration.
9113	Under the new rules, stray dogs can be killed if authorities are unable to place them in animal shelters and if they are unable to find an owner within 14 days after a dog is captured.
9114	Under the plan, certain types of debt -- such as past due child support and delinquent taxes -- are considered high priority and are paid off ahead of other debts.
9115	Under the settlement, the banks are required to respond to mortgage modification requests within 30 days.
9116	Unemployment benefit applications surged during the recession as companies slashed millions of jobs.
9117	Unemployment stood at 7.2 percent in November, down slightly from 7.4 percent in October and little changed from 7.1 percent a year earlier.
9118	Unfortunately it seems public opinion just wants us out of Iraq, whether the Iraqis are ready to govern themselves.
9119	Unfortunately the anti-Americanliberals of tghe Demopcratic party wants to allow all immagrants to enter the country to improve their voting bloc.
9120	Unfortunately, you can’t reinstall applications from data backups.
9121	UN inspectors said in a report Monday there is "clear and convincing evidence" that chemical weapons were used on a relatively large scale in an attack last month in Syria that killed hundreds of people.
9122	U.N. investigators outside Damascus, Syria, last month.
9123	"United Nations assistance to the electoral process is conditional upon strict adherence by all parties to the road map as the sole framework for a restoration of the full legitimacy of the government of Madagascar," the spokesman added.
9124	United Party for National Development chief whip Garry Nkombo said Kabimba's statement was a sign of impunity and should be condemned.
9125	University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale.
9126	University of Zambia Student Union secretary general Mwauluka Sishekano said the students were concerned that government was scrapping every little relief the poor people in the country had.
9127	Unknown to most new players, the front-facing camera on the iPhone is recording a video of the whole game session.
9128	Unless you have the presence of mind to do some research on the internet, you will be unaware of how badly wrong these procedures can go and even with some Googling, you can dismiss the horror stories as unlucky anomalies.
9129	Unlike previous years, there is no musical act scheduled for the Friday night of the tournament.
9130	Unlike the director's 2003 "The Fog of War" documentary about the career of Robert S. McNamara, secretary of defense during the Vietnam War, Morris's subject here offers no confession but a series of chilling self-contradictions.
9131	Unlike the other requests, Strubbe and her supporters are not asking that their own assignments be changed.
9132	Unlike the shadows in which Kim escapes, it was a showy ordeal.
9133	Unmarried with no children, the former Royal Air Force Bomber Command crewman died last month at a nursing home aged 99. Without close friends or family nearby, it was feared he would be given a lonely send-off.
9134	UN must be just and fair in this issue.
9135	U.N. officials caution that while the intervention brigade is expected to be a deterrent to violence in North Kivu, it will not be a "magic wand" for bringing peace.
9136	Until recently, the conservative Urdu media significantly contributed in instilling a distorted and misleading history among the semi-literate Pakistanis.
9137	Until she is gone we will not watch another episode.
9138	Until the last day of their stay in Cabanas, the Hawks have been burgled.
9139	Until the people of South Sudan have ready access to education and health services—services that will need a transport infrastructure—they will be exceedingly vulnerable to disease, and will have little chance to contribute to a modern economy.
9140	UN Water, the world body’s water agency, estimates that water use has been growing at more than twice the rate of population in the last century due to demands such as irrigated agriculture and meat production.
9141	UN Women said the study will examine the top-grossing international movies in Australia, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Russia, Spain and the United Kingdom.
9142	Update, 2:28 p.m. PT Updated with additional information from Boeing.
9143	Update 5:15 p.m.: Cindy Bachman, a public information officer with the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department, has announced more details in the manhunt for fugitive Chris Dorner near Big Bear.
9144	“Up here the opportunity for the pleasurable, beautiful part (of life) is overwhelmingly in the majority so I don’t let myself get that way.
9145	Upload your best happy pet photo to this article by clicking the green upload button.
9146	Upon seeing the plaza security, two of the suspects fled on foot.
9147	Upon their arrival, they found five people dead.
9148	Up to a year and a half ago."
9149	Upton also homered, and Kris Medlen (9-10) allowed three runs and three hits over seven innings as the Braves won their 13th straight to take a staggering-for-early-August 15½-game lead over the second-place Nationals in the NL East.
9150	USA TODAY's Robert Bianco previews July 31st's TV lineup from the Critic's Corner, with a brand new network and a subpar History Channel reality show.
9151	U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin led the investigation that resulted in the guilty pleas of several former Massey leaders.
9152	U.S. businesses have also reduced their pace of investment in areas such as equipment and computer software.
9153	USC players will have to adjust to a new pace in practice and games, but the coaching staff is confident the transition will go well.
9154	U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials said Monday that 50-year-old Jose Manuel Martinez was taken into custody and turned over to San Luis police.
9155	U.S. District Judge Charles H. Haden II blocked the permit in 1999, putting more than 300 United Mine Workers union members at Dal-Tex out of work.
9156	U.S. District Judge Denise Cote agreed after hearing three weeks of arguments in June.
9157	U.S. equity and bonds markets closed early on Wednesday and will reopen on Friday.
9158	Users can also chat with a maximum of 40 friends online through WeChat's group chat feature.
9159	Using an Avon-style women's distribution system, Solar Sister trains, recruits and supports female entrepreneurs in East Africa to sell affordable solar lighting and other green products such as solar lamps and mobile phone chargers.
9160	• Using derogatory language toward patients.
9161	• Using earplugs to eliminate sound can heighten the excitement and the introduction of different textures such as feathers, fur, or soft fabrics such as satin, velvet will increase the sensory overload.
9162	Using her advanced education and intelligence not to accrue vast wealth but to work towards the betterment of all people, Boggs became a true American hero.
9163	Using member information, InfoArmor looks for unusual patterns of emergency room use or excessive purchases of medical equipment to uncover improper uses of members' medical insurance information.
9164	Using patented technology, LinkFixer Advanced can move files into SharePoint 2013 and the links in the files are simultaneously corrected.
9165	Using sockpuppet accounts or misrepresenting your affiliation with a company is against Wikipedia policy and prohibited by its terms of use, Gartner added.
9166	U.S. military guards watch detainees in a cell block at Camp 6 in the Guantanamo Bay detention center in 2010.
9167	U.S. military leaders are "angry" and "ashamed" over sexual assaults plaguing the armed forces, President Barack Obama said Thursday after ordering top Pentagon officials to "leave no stone unturned" in the effort to stop the abuse.
9168	“US officials should aggressively support Taiwan’s full participation in the United Nations and any other international organization of which the US is a member, and for which statehood is a requirement for membership,” it adds.
9169	US President Barack Obama is presenting the Medal of Honor to a soldier for heroism during a battle that lasted more than six hours in Afghanistan.
9170	US President Barack Obama said the first round of negotiations would take place in Washington in July.
9171	U.S. rail deliveries of petroleum and petroleum products increased by more than 20 percent during the last week in June, the Association of American Railroads said.
9172	U.S. Senator John Warner was involved with the Wiesenthal Center at the time — and was married to Taylor — so she became the narrator of its inaugural film "Genocide," which won the Oscar for documentary feature.
9173	U.S. Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew …
9174	Utah was the first state to make a deal with the Department of the Interior to cover the costs for national park operations, contracting to pay $167,000 a day through Oct. 20.
9175	Utica Mayor Robert Palmieri was unavailable for comment.
9176	UW football fan Mike Callies says it is "frustrating" to park around the stadium.
9177	Vadola even blames her husband's heart attack, which happened a few months after the storm, on the worry he had about flood-insurance premiums costing $20,000 and his realization that their house was no longer worth anything.
9178	Vajara: Prejudice is deeper than hypnosis.
9179	Valcourt contends the federal budget will help create fill-time jobs in the province and that seasonal workers won't lose their EI benefits.
9180	Vanguard gathered that the beneficiaries will cut across such states as Borno, Yobe, Adamawa, Bauchi, Kano, 'Kaduna, Gombe and Niger, though the exact number was not revealed.
9181	Van Hollen said at the time that "their relationship is developing."
9182	Varga currently resides in Edmonton, but in 2006, he was living in the Tampa area in Florida with his wife and family, working as a plumber and renovator.
9183	Vasquez claims that a part of the statute violates her due process right by containing vague language.
9184	Velda Erleen Schoeling, 85, longtime resident of Okarche, died Monday, Feb. 11, 2013, at Oklahoma Heart Hospital in Oklahoma City.
9185	Verizon had expressed desire in controlling all of Verizon Wireless for years, but talk that a deal was about to get done had increased over the past few months.
9186	Versions sold by AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless.
9187	Very interesting article from a real journalist who actually knew Harry Reasoner and Ed Morrow.
9188	Veteran actor Dick Van Dyke, star of Mary Poppins and Diagnosis Murder, was presented with the guild's life achievement award.
9189	Veteran Roman Hamrlik also played for the first time in these playoffs in place of injured defenseman Anton Stralman, who left Game 3 in the second period.
9190	Veteran storm chaser Tim Samaras, 54; his chase partner of a decade, Carl Young, 45; and Samaras' son, Paul Samaras, 24, a photographer, died Friday in an EF-3 tornado in El Reno, Oklahoma.
9191	Vice President Joe Biden called Colorado Democrats and urged them to approve the package, saying it would have potent symbolism in a western swing state.
9192	Victor Goodhue is a construction zone flagger, and he’s under the sun all day.
9193	Video clips and photos posted online showed police struggling to contain thousands of mourners as they stormed through the town of Vinh Yen bearing the coffin of Anh, whose disfigured body was pulled from a sewer earlier in the day.
9194	Video of the confrontation was uploaded to YouTube and went viral.
9195	Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung approved last month a master plan to revamp the economy after a credit slump dampened corporate expansion and consumer spending, while a weak property market hurt construction.
9196	“Viewing ratings are up, attendance is up, people were starved for hockey,” he said.
9197	Viggle's parent company was founded in June 2010, but the TV check-in service didn't launch until January 2012.
9198	Violating a condition of release, Jan. 29, 2013, in Skowhegan; 25-day jail sentence.
9199	Violence broke out again days later in the same neighborhood, and a Sudanese man was killed in clashes Wednesday.
9200	Violence in western Tunisia over the past six months has resulted in the death of more than a dozen Tunisian soldiers and several dozen al Qaeda suspects.
9201	Violence is again a focal point in the hockey world, something that musician and sports writer Dave Bidini finds lamentable.
9202	Vision Montréal Leader Louise Harel is asking the city to look into making its own asphalt, in light of connections between several asphalt production companies and the Charbonneau corruption inquiry. more »
9203	Visitation will be from 2-5 p.m. on Sunday, Jan. 6 at the Sietsema Funeral Home in Ackley.
9204	VISITNORWAY by Innovation Norway Joins Forces With Disney to Showcase Stunning Inspiration for the Look of the Upcoming Big-Screen Adventure "Frozen"
9205	Visitors to the beach towns stretching from Long Beach Island to Sandy Hook will be pleasantly surprised when they visit the Shore this summer.
9206	Visit to Columbia Teachers College for Westwood Teachers, an opportunity for elementary public school teachers to attend a day of workshops geared to raising the level of instruction and inspiring use of new ideas.
9207	“Vladimir, I think it’s better.
9208	"Vlad, we need to go to this Security Council meeting."
9209	Vocabulary evaluation will count for 50 percent of a speller's overall score, and the score determines which competitor goes on to the semifinals and the championship finals, the bee said.
9210	Vocal cord paralysis is amenable to surgical treatment.
9211	Vodafone has previously been asked could nix expansion under the terms of now defunct joint venture.
9212	VODs were introduced to address the need for the trilogy of the victim of crime, the community and offender to face each other with a view to building safe, and secure, communities.
9213	Vogelsong's $6.5 million option for 2014 was declined by the club.
9214	Voiced by Bollywood star Priyanka Chopra, Ishani is also a beautiful plane with talent to boot.
9215	Voluntary recruitment campaigns were also conducted, especially in the early stages of the conflict, and some newly enrolled fighters were trained as late as May 2012.
9216	Volunteers are also needed for other upcoming events. 280-5673 or dgbarnhill@nmb.
9217	Voters could have the final word on the strange career of the populist mayor whose travails have captivated and embarrassed Canadians for months.
9218	WADA - let him confess for real in court and then please refuse to lift the ban.
9219	Wade Miley hit his first career home run, Eric Chavez connected and Cody Ross added a two-run single against the team he helped win the 2010 World Series, yet Arizona couldn't hold a late lead in losing 5-4 to the San Francisco Giants on Monday night.
9220	Wade, who faces lesser charges, was not taken into custody.
9221	Wade, who turns 32 next month, is averaging 18.5 points, 5.3 rebounds and 4.7 assists this season for Miami.
9222	Wages for public defenders are politically unattractive, so this way we could circumvent the political process.
9223	Wait until he is no longer protected by a fawning press once out of office.
9224	Wait, wait, wait a minute.
9225	Walchuk held his own amid the 45 NHL players.
9226	Walker has found himself on both sides of the issue.
9227	Walker was booked just before 12 a.m. Saturday for investigation of first-degree murder, drive-by shooting and assault.
9228	Wallace says there have been more than 30 cases reported during the past four months in Ramona alone, and says the number is still rising.
9229	Wall Street is viewing Pincus' shift with cautious approval, having been singed by Zynga's abysmal stock performance — an 80 percent decline over the past year that began around the time it invested $180 million in then-promising game studio OMGPOP.
9230	Wal-Mart has faced increased shareholder dissent since last year over allegations of bribery in Mexico.
9231	Walt Frazier is now a beloved analyst on MSG but when the Knicks won it all, he was in the midst of being named to seven straight N.B.A. All-Star games but also seven consecutive N.B.A. all-defensive teams.
9232	Want to think about the real name of the game?
9233	Warm and sunny, which helped give Nadal's topspin laden shots extra bite and bounce.
9234	Warne also questioned opener Cook's captaincy during the summer, when England beat Australia 3-0 to retain the Ashes.
9235	WARSAW, Poland — The head of a team of Polish climbers in the Himalayas says there is no more hope of finding alive two men who went missing after scaling a peak of more than 26,000 feet (8,000 meters).
9236	WASHINGTON (ABC NEWS) - On Oct. 1, Americans can start shopping for health insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act, also called Obamacare.
9237	WASHINGTON — A federal judge has struck down a rule setting a cap on the fees that banks can charge merchants for handling debit card purchases, saying the Federal Reserve didn’t have the authority to set the limit in 2011.
9238	WASHINGTON (AP) — The last thing President Barack Obama wants to do is turn Edward Snowden into a grand enemy of the state or a Daniel Ellsberg-type hero who speaks truth to power.
9239	WASHINGTON (AP) — Unemployment rates fell in less than half of U.S. states last month, as steady but slow hiring is making only gradual improvement in the job market.
9240	Washington blows the game open in the second half and finishes with 615 yards of total offense, but hampered by little mistakes.
9241	WASHINGTON — Drilling and fracking for natural gas don't seem to spew immense amounts of the greenhouse gas methane into the air, as has been feared, a new study says.
9242	Washington is being held in the Jefferson Parish Correction Center.
9243	Washington promoted Jordan Paopao to tight ends coach.
9244	WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The contractors for the government's troubled healthcare website sought to deflect blame on Wednesday as more Democrats voiced concerns about the implementation of President Barack Obama's signature domestic policy.
9245	WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The pay gap between U.S. men and women is closing but younger women face lingering uncertainty about their future earning power, research released on Wednesday showed.
9246	Washington state has printed brochures with advice for residents, such as to avoid tossing yard waste over the edge, where it becomes fodder for a slide.
9247	Washington State has seen ten straight months of job growth, adding an average of 6,000 jobs a month.
9248	Washington State University President Elson Floyd started off the first Board of Regents meeting of the school year by describing the state of the university.
9249	Washington students made little or no overall improvement this year on state tests in reading, writing, math and science, making small gains in some grades and subjects, and losing ground in others.
9250	Washington was much improved last season defensively, the first year for new coordinator Justin Wilcox.
9251	Washington-Williams previously had explained her relation to Thurmond to her children, to help them understand their past, she said.
9252	Wasted effort since at the same time Kani Kouyate and Kariata Diaby showed 19 points each.
9253	Waste removal and recycling group Environmental Concerns Organization Inc. put in two applications that received scores within the top five.
9254	Was the officer in uniform or in plainclothes?
9255	Was the president in on the plan to harass opponents of big government?
9256	Watch here to see how the floodway works.
9257	Watching a tiny mouse-shaped puppet scurry down to the bottom of the puppet box to collect the dollar bill that you’ve just deposited: totally worth it.
9258	Watching his hand float in the air between us made me simultaneously feel sorry for him (he was trying so hard to be a good salesman) and furious that he thought I would fall for such a brazen attempt to manipulate me.
9259	Watching more than three hours' TV a day at this age predicted a very small increase in "conduct" problems at the age of seven.
9260	Watch video of that exchange here.
9261	WATERVILLE — The following cases, listed alphabetically A-M, were closed from Aprill 1, 2013, to April 5, 2013, in Waterville District Court.
9262	Way more helpful.
9263	Wayne Rooney scores Manchester United's winner against Fulham at Craven Cottage on Saturday.
9264	Way to go, Kanawha County Board of Education.
9265	"We absolutely have had conversations about the color and the makeup of our brand, our uniforms and our image," he said.
9266	"We accept correcting the transition path, but we won't accept an absurd and nihilistic one."
9267	Weaker domestic demand has become the main drag on growth into 2013 as a marked easing in inventory accumulation slows capital formation, while Beijing's campaign targeting official extravagance cools consumption, the OECD said.
9268	Weak teachers are more likely to lose control of a class and send students to the office for discipline, said Phil Brockman, executive director of K-12 operations and a former principal.
9269	We all sort of panicked.
9270	"We all went out there and did our best," Heeb said.
9271	"We also felt that mediation channel would be a solution than legal procedures (ruling against one side in favour of the other) in resolving land issues.
9272	We also talk about how to get into business and how to get out of business.
9273	“We also want this Transportation Commission to look at maritime transport as well,” she said.
9274	''We always felt like he had a big one in him.
9275	"We always thought that the bids would come from two areas -- wealthy individuals who are looking to have some fun and great experiences or from corporate businesses.
9276	We applaud the girl and fellow passengers who stood up to him as he spewed some truly hateful things.
9277	We are adjusting to priotise the key economic sectors for a better cause," he said.
9278	We are all disappointed but I bet no one feels as bad as the players.
9279	"We are also aware of the possibility that methylphenidate could be diverted and abused, and for this reason we recommend that its use should be monitored carefully."
9280	“We are appreciative of the donor support for both of these projects,” said athletic director Dave Brandon in a release.
9281	We are a small church, but we are filled with a mighty spirit – a holy one.
9282	We are a small country and we do not have the resources of larger countries to have diplomatic presences and premises in many of these countries.
9283	"We are certainly encouraging it to happen," he said.
9284	"We are comfortable with the leverage levels where we are,"
9285	"We are conscious of the issue and this is why we made a conscious effort to invite the financial secretary at the conference in Jamaica," disclosed Pittaluga.
9286	We are delivering democracy on a platter, do you take it?
9287	We are finally getting everyone healthy and we are playing good ball right now.
9288	"We are going to respond appropriately.
9289	We are here to look at us as comedians taking African comedy global.
9290	We are just the fortunate ones.
9291	"We are just wanting these kids to have every opportunity to get noticed and earn an education," Ginther said.
9292	“We are not the 1 percent,” said John Franzen, a Mount Baker resident with a 25-foot motor boat at Leschi.
9293	We Are One wants to meet with legislators in mid-January to craft a pension reform plan that offers workers ironclad guarantees, closes corporate tax loopholes and requires employee payments into the system.
9294	"We are pleased to offer a variety of specific boards on Pinterest that will help our clients to fully envision their event.
9295	"We are prepared to accept the results of a free and fair election but we are not prepared to accept fraud," MDC spokesman Douglas Mwonzora told a news conference.
9296	"We are prepared to host the event, so far we are not sure of Uganda's participation because it is the only country, which is yet to confirm but there is still room for them to compete," he said.
9297	"We are really excited about expanding the Laundry Project to the Clearwater area," said Current's Founder and President Jason Sowell.
9298	"We are relieved that we can now see the light burning at the end of the tunnel," Daniel Petrocelli, Skilling's attorney told reporters after the hearing.
9299	"We are shaping the lives of the next generation right now.
9300	We are so committed, in fact, that we have allowed a very easygoing attitude toward the logistics of our sleeping habits (i.
9301	“We are thinking of the entire weekend,” said Richard Barry, Toys “R” Us’s chief merchandising officer, adding that Toys “R” Us for the first time will put its entire roster of doorbuster specials online at 12:01 a.m. Thursday.
9302	"We are thrilled to become 'The Neighborhood Pet Store' for Katy residents," said Lisa.
9303	We are urging people to check the ice thickness for yourself before you go out onto any frozen waterbody."
9304	"We are very close, closer than we've ever been," he said.
9305	"We are working to protect the accounts of our customers–that's our focus right now," said bank spokeswoman Patricia Wexler.
9306	We as a nation are just a bunch of whining "Veruca Salt" types who want it all and want it now, without feeling any obligations to pay for it.
9307	We asked a real-life snake detective.
9308	We asked South Charleston's Assistant Fire Chief Virgil White to take us to the Wingate Hotel.
9309	Weather officials predict temperatures will get above freezing around that time.
9310	"We believe it was significantly above the legal limit," he said.
9311	We believe strongly that we made the right move," NASCAR Senior Vice President of Racing Operations Steve O'Donnell said Saturday from Phoenix International Raceway.
9312	We believe the settlement represents a fair outcome for all parties," the family's attorney, Stephen Wagner, said in a statement.
9313	We believe this is just a stall tactic."
9314	We believe this is the result of a carefully planned and well-executed product and marketing strategy, and is a great example of how we act out our philosophy of placing users first.
9315	We both trained hard and I've seen him fight.
9316	Webster oversaw the community service.
9317	We cannot allow unions to be bankrupted as a result of damage cause by individuals who ignore our clear instructions that demonstrations must be peaceful and disciplined.
9318	We cannot go to Grand Kru this rainy season.
9319	We cannot grow our country when some only want to steal the harvest of what others have planted.
9320	“We cannot move forward without knowing where we came from,” Ham said.
9321	“We can only look forward to the future of the GAR program.”
9322	We can't sit there and tell them every scenario that will happen out there.
9323	We can't them go unchecked or we'll be back in the same boat all over again.
9324	"We certainly won't be able to do that for free," the official said, citing requirements including technical training.
9325	“We continue our ongoing investigation into the sport of cycling, and have also been urging the UCI to take the decisive and transparent action it announced over a year ago to truly set the sport on a new foundation for the good of clean athletes.
9326	"We continue to play at a high level," Memphis coach Josh Pastner said.
9327	"We couldn't put any runs on the board for him, which kind of stinks," Saltalamacchia said.
9328	"We currently have a police officer at the school, their resource officer.
9329	Wedge said the team's priority is to build Ramirez's arm strength, not to prepare him to throw out of the bullpen once the season starts.
9330	"We did not train those pilots.
9331	We did not want a wedding or anything similar- it was a way of affording us similar legal aspects of a married couple- for example we have worked hard and have considerable net worth- so now will not have to fork out 40% to HRMC as inheritance tax.
9332	We didn't give up many scoring chances.
9333	We didn't know what was happening because Muhammad wouldn't stop bleeding.
9334	“We didn’t see the city.
9335	We didn't worry about European Time Directives or policies - I was simply allowed to work extra hours and be with them until she died during the night.
9336	Wednesday night in Chicago they’ll be going after the Cup again in Game 1 against the Blackhawks.
9337	Wednesday night's contest at Miller Park was over in the first inning.
9338	We do, however, have an interview set up with Dunn next week.
9339	We do not believe that in this country freedom is reserved for the lucky, or happiness for the few.
9340	We do not need you.
9341	"We do not provide any government agency with direct access to our servers, and any government agency requesting customer content must get a court order," the statement says.
9342	We do not serve sex, we serve coffee," said coffee shop owner, Leah Seizmore, during the meeting.
9343	"We don't have a named suspect at this point.
9344	"We don't have Justin Trudeau-ish funds flowing into our coffers, but we have money that keeps up well below and well in compliance so that's the key," he added.
9345	"We don't have to be scared of these people because if we come together as one in the community these people will run away, they won't be able to stay when we are one," Addo said.
9346	We don't have to boil it any more!"
9347	“We don’t have to choose between economic growth and dealing with global climate change,” he said.
9348	We don't have to worry about that," said Orange Beach Mayor Tony Kennon.
9349	We don't know if his parachute deployed, and he's stuck up in a tree somewhere," Sgt. Cindy West said.
9350	``We don't need one word to describe what we've accomplished as a team and as a university as a whole.'
9351	"We don't take fish in anymore.
9352	"We don't want to fill our landfills, we have to be mindful of our environment," said Yvette Roeder with the city of Phoenix.
9353	“We do see flutters of conversation when a celebrity drinks Poland Spring.
9354	Weeks after a volcanic eruption birthed an island off the coast of Japan, the newly formed landmass merged with an existing one.
9355	We elect our officials and entrust them to make decisions on our behalf.
9356	We feel Dee-Jays are not given the attention they deserve yet they entertain us for a whole year," said One.
9357	We felt we played a good game.
9358	We found a small dose of Lightroom's "Clarity" slider particularly useful, as it enhances midtones and local contrast, improving sharpness without enhancing noise in flat areas such as shadows and sky.
9359	We got that accomplished and we'll enjoy it for an hour and move on," said forward Thomas Vanek, who had Buffalo's first five-point game since Jan. 18, 2008.
9360	We had a good relationship, and we still do."
9361	"We had a great Christmas," Turney said, though everyone was frustrated about not being able to venture out into the open ocean.
9362	"We had all the right things, we just didn't make it to the end."
9363	We had Asian camps in this country where we took all their stuff!
9364	We had been with this man for four hours without food or water as he offered us none; and in spite of all we said, here was this officer saying he won't come to the war front!
9365	We had first game jitters.
9366	We had gone to summer camp together and first met about 45 years ago.
9367	We had more open shots tonight than we had against (the) Indiana (Pacers) and Chicago (Bulls) combined (in the previous two rounds), so that's the way it goes sometimes."
9368	We had underestimated the number of people who would actually fight for Gaddafi and how hard they would fight.
9369	We had workshops and gave talks on heart disease and stroke.
9370	“We have a lot of football left, a lot of big games.”
9371	“We have a lot of people walking around starting at things in their hands whether it's a phone or an iPod, people tend to be looking down when they walk,” he said.
9372	"We have a lot to talk about, and we will continue this process."
9373	"We have always had vigorous competition so there is really nothing substantially new here.
9374	We have a state-subsidized casino instead.
9375	We have found a place to stay because the people of Bosso are friendly and the place is peaceful.
9376	"We have found hazardous waste in the soil, sediment and ground water," says Dustin Terpening, spokesperson for the Department of Ecology.
9377	We have four kids who succeeded in college, grad school, medical school, etc., and it took great commitment from the kids, us, and some pressure on their advisors to meet more often.
9378	We have given out scholarships to Milford High School students.
9379	“We have gotten very positive feedback from the tours around the world saying that they like one set of rules, they like the R&A and USGA governing those.
9380	We have no laws that make registration mandatory.
9381	We have problems with working to eradicate poverty.
9382	“We have seen in the past that these are very much an afterthought.
9383	“We have spoken to the call center several times.
9384	"We have struggled as a community with obesity for quite a long time and we have had issues with health access," said executive director Carol Moser.
9385	"We have to focus on the things that we have to do to win a game at a time," said Rios, who completed the cycle in his only four at-bats and drove in four runs.
9386	We have to work with our guys on that.
9387	"We have worked with county sheriffs and prosecutors in our defense of the legal challenges to these protections of our children, and we will need to review this 7th Circuit ruling to determine the state's next steps."
9388	We have years of successful experience in film, TV, web, music, dance, fashion and all the arts.
9389	We hit some balls hard."
9390	"We hope that you will continue to work closely with us for the successful implementation of the project," he said.
9391	We hope the decision in this case is a step in the direction of preventing that from happening."
9392	Weighing in at just a pound, and with a super-slender profile, the iPad Air is the lightest full-sized tablet tested.
9393	"We just didn't give up," said Lacy, who finished with 141 yards.
9394	We just have to be realistic.”
9395	''We just kept carrying on the way Marcus always did.'
9396	"We just said 'hi' to her in the neighborhood," said Lisa King.
9397	"We knew it would be touch-and-go and from early in the morning we were tracking the weather," NASCAR spokesman Kerry Tharp said.
9398	"We knew she was critically ill and did not want her to die alone in an orphanage," said Bartlinski, who also has four biological children.
9399	We knew what facilities we had onsite and it was a smooth transition for us because we are a K-12 school,” she said.
9400	We know them, we know their parents and even their parents were stunned to see them doing such cruel things.
9401	Welcome to a brand new baseball season!
9402	We'll all be better for it.
9403	Well around here if you share living expenses and don’t live high on the hog you can do OK on minimum wages.
9404	"Well as a business owner you should love what we're doing because it gives you the opportunity to show your future customers and clients how you take care of your business," Caminos said.
9405	"We'll be interacting with the students and youth a ton, but not so much classroom time.
9406	Well, first let's talk about explicit memory.
9407	Well folks, the fun is just begining.
9408	“We’ll get the home backing behind us.
9409	“We’ll go back this week and play well and everybody will change their tone and all of a sudden we’ll be good again,” offensive lineman Andrew Whitworth said.
9410	Well if it's true that he had a medical emergency, then you people need to suck it up and get over it!
9411	• Well, I'm sure glad that the young man from Logan wasn't wearing a NASCAR T-shirt.
9412	Well maybe if more people didn't text/cell phone and drive there wouldn't 't be so many accidents.
9413	Well Mr. President, this is why you can't let your ego write a check that your ass can't cash.
9414	Well, not that tired.
9415	"Well, that sounds like a good argument to me, Justice Scalia," she said in reference to the support for reauthorization.
9416	Well that will be a big fat waste of time and money.
9417	Well, the question for the IRS here is not really one of whether a group is tax exempt but under which part of the code the exemption will come from.
9418	Well, there is some evidence proving DMAE when taken in small amounts daily will stabilize skin membranes so the culprit which causes the age spot (lipofuscin) can't collect very well.
9419	Well: Think Like a Doctor: The Wobble Solved!
9420	We'll update as soon as we know more about the condition of the injured party.
9421	Well, what if you're too busy to be bothered to keep up a strenuous regimen of running, cycling, or rambling through the bushes?
9422	Well, you wouldn’t know anything was different.
9423	"We look forward to him bringing that experience to our club," says Avalanche executive vice president of hockey operations Joe Sakic.
9424	"We maybe thought they were going to fold, but they came out hard, they out-competed us," Sedin said.
9425	"We may not have carried the day last November 7, but we haven't lost the country we love, and we haven't lost our way," Romney said to a packed ballroom Friday.
9426	We met with the leaders of my party and they asked us for several measures and if necessary, we will close the embassy of the United States," said Morales.
9427	Wencelao Gonzalez is one such example.
9428	Wendy King, a passenger on the plane, said her Air Canada flight was nearing take off when she heard a loud noise.
9429	"We need a short window of two months to raise the funds," a senior government official with direct knowledge of the stake-sale program said.
9430	"We need more honest people and I think people would stay longer and we could build a better community."
9431	We need some Los Angeles Prosecutors here, they would have these people thrown in jail and all the dogs rescued by day one of the news report.
9432	“We need to be clear that this type of behaviour is unacceptable.”
9433	We need to bring those behind this attack to justice and make sure that a tragedy like Benghazi does not happen again.
9434	"We need to bust the myth of the queen bee, of the person who said there's only one seat at the table and I've got it so no one else is getting it," Nagel says.
9435	"We need to help them to gain access to resources they need for their objectives and through sport we believe we can network with a quite a number of people," Pande said.
9436	“We need to keep our neighbors more accountable,” he said.
9437	"We need to provide a more friendly, entrepreneurial culture to support our small businesses."
9438	We need to pull the UN system together like never before to support a new social contract of job-rich economic growth.
9439	We need to respect that right in others as well.
9440	We need to secure the entire country.
9441	We need to set a time span for reviewing taxation; a suitable time period would be between three to five years.
9442	"We need to start listening to our mothers now and our parents, our fathers, our aunties, our friends."
9443	"We oppose Bolivia's reservation and continue to believe it will lead to a greater supply of cocaine and increased cocaine trafficking and related crime," said a senior U.S. State Department official, who was not authorized to be quoted by name.
9444	"We owe our thanks to these twelve courageous individuals, who gave their time and subjected themselves searing cross-examinations and character assassination, not out of any personal or pecuniary motives, but simply for the good of the community."
9445	''We paid $700 each, including tax and tip,'' Betsy Talbot reports from the couple's current encampment of Guanajuato, Mexico.
9446	"We pay all the taxes we owe — every single dollar," he said.
9447	"We rarely get ice storms in northeast Iowa, so this is a bit unusual for us," said Murphy.
9448	We reached out to the Manhattan DA's office on Tuesday, and also shared the original video with investigators at their request.
9449	"We realized it is still real, this part of Vršovice," says Kateřina McCreary, who heads Start Vršovice, a civic association of people residing and working in the area.
9450	"We're always telling the kids got to make sure the gates are latched, are closed, and need to stay in the yard, stay in the yard," Hines said.
9451	We're below break-even today."
9452	"We recognize that Canada Post needs to change, but this is not the way," union president Denis Lemelin said.
9453	"We're considering increasing funding for prisons, at the same time we're providing less for education," Paradis said.
9454	We're dispatching flights," JetBlue spokesman Michael Miller told NBC News.
9455	"We're doing our best to ensure that people have access to water in the area," he said.
9456	Were fine here in Manila, the outside provinces are the ones affected for now.
9457	We’re going to be explaining to the court our side of the story for the first time.”
9458	We're going to close the skills gap.
9459	We’re going to make sure that we redouble our efforts to reduce our carbon emissions, and we’re setting a goal to meet the agreements that we had both in Copenhagen and in Durban for advanced countries that have a big carbon footprint.
9460	"We're going to plug that hole before the next high tide," Ferris said.
9461	We’re in the future now.
9462	We're just trying to find a way to win one game."
9463	“We remind all citizens we are protected under the law from such racially-motivated attacks, and encourage everyone to report such crimes to the FBI.”
9464	"We’re more than pleased.
9465	We're not good now."
9466	"We're not looking for people at the Olympics to get special treatment," said Ann Northrop, a volunteer at Queer Nation, an LGBT advocacy group.
9467	"We're putting out guys who should be able to play and should be able to defend.
9468	``We're ready to give our all, and scratch and claw every chance we get, and play our game from here on in.'
9469	We're ripping the carpets out this morning.
9470	“We’re still working on that consistency from game to game and, in this game, we really struggled coming out of the block.”
9471	We're supposed to infringe the rights of 340,000,000 people because 20 got killed?
9472	We're talking about a group effort of everybody jumping in," he said.
9473	We're talking about victims of abuse or neglect.
9474	“Were there kids whose lives were made better?
9475	We're thrilled to be able to bring families, in Mexico and beyond, products like Glade® and Pledge® that have been made using fewer resources."
9476	We rode a sky tram and chair lifts.
9477	We see the bravery in others before we will see it in ourselves.
9478	We send in the necessary support to stop Assad from committing mass atrocities and war crimes.
9479	We shall never forget you.
9480	We shoulda nuked em in 53 like Mac wanted to.
9481	"We should limit investors in the new constitution to reverse the current situation where they are engaging themselves in petty trading, which could be left for ordinary Tanzanians," he said.
9482	"We should never close the door," said Foreign Minister Didier Reynders.
9483	Wesley Johnson scored 18 and Marcus Morris had 16 for the Suns.
9484	We start and end on that foot but to my mind the movie goes very far from that very quickly.
9485	We started looking at names and web addresses and realized that we could actually still buy hotchocolatevan.com and hotchocolatetruck.
9486	"We started to pray as a church and as a school," West Valley Christian School administrator Derek Swales told ABC when he first heard of the disaster.
9487	We started with responses we received from some of the largest companies, which we’ve listed in a chart.
9488	Western officials are however increasingly concerned about a repeat of the widescale fraud seen in 2009 because of deteriorating security and the flourishing trade in voter cards.
9489	We still can occasionally buy video or board games, have people over for dinner and pay for local gym and music streaming service.
9490	West regained her composure and forced a foul ball which she caught to end the game and give the Lady Panthers the 15th annual Best of the Best Tournament Championship.
9491	West Virginia artists Chris Dutch and Robin Hammer, collectively known as DutchHammer, have spent the past 24 years producing freestanding and wall sculptures as well as unique custom furniture.
9492	West Virginia's natural beauty also has a place at the reserve.
9493	We talk and we make promises and we are quick to say what needs to be fixed, but we're not as sharp about saying how it should be done, and getting down to do it.
9494	We tend to judge long experiences (vacations, say) by averaging, more or less, the most intense moment and the end.
9495	“We, therefore, must sign the association agreement, elect a new president in 2015 and a pro-European legislature in 2017,” Yury Lutsenko summed up.
9496	“We think this was a very important service for the residents of the Strait-Richmond area and we're really sorry to lose it.”
9497	We thought we were living a dream," said another resident who, like most Raqqa locals, declined to be named for their safety.
9498	Wetmore's a pinch-runner who adds depth to Tarr's in-game strategies.
9499	We toured the campus and facilities and I got a chance to hang out with other recruits and players on the team.
9500	"We tried to match them, and we couldn't match them," said Krzyzewski.
9501	"We try our best to make sure our employees work in good conditions by offering protective gear, and by replacing this safety equipment when it gets old," explained Aimable Rwanzunga, the commercial director of COPED.
9502	We try to keep the old songs alive and not forgotten.
9503	"We understand that our patients are busy and that accessing information about dental health care or our practice can be difficult while on the go.
9504	We urge anyone who may have knowledge or many have been harmed by Brother Baker to come forward and contact the police.
9505	We used to see the same faces several times a month - they would buy a painting at least once a year.
9506	We usually play along, but sometimes we vacuum them up.
9507	We've found out lately in studies that if a motorcyclists puts more than one headlight on the front of their motorcycle they're more apt to be seen," he said.
9508	"We've got a good shot," Granderson said.
9509	We've got all the pieces for a great recipe and now we've got to cook the dish."
9510	"We've got meetings scheduled for Thursday morning and that would encompass any team that we're going to play.
9511	"We've got to be better than that.
9512	"We've never had doubt in that room and I think we needed a game like this to show the fans and the whole city that they can get behind us and have something to feel confident about," said Nicholls, who also had an assist.
9513	We’ve only lost one game at home.
9514	We’ve paced in front of the microwave for decades.
9515	We've seen countless wireless Bluetooth speakers over the years, but none quite like the Damson Audio Pearl.
9516	“We wanted a resolution via mediation,” Tracy said.
9517	We want our men and women to know that their nation supports them, and that we will continue to support their families and honour their memory."
9518	“We want to be as transparent as possible for the consumer,” Aigner said.
9519	"We want to create a new, cooperative relationship between the people and the city government," de la Serna explains.
9520	We want to have scholarships paid for.
9521	We want to raise awareness for children’s cancer charities.”
9522	"We want to thank Food for the Poor for this donation which will help us to better care for patients.
9523	“We want to thank our family and friends for their outpouring of support for our daughter Lindsey after the wreck today that left her injured," Magnusson's family said in a statement.
9524	"We were able to reopen the northern runway within two hours of the incident and we are now focused on returning the airport to normal as quickly as possible," Heathrow's duty manager Mark Freeman told Reuters.
9525	We were flat in some areas, but we had a lot of good performances."
9526	"We were flicked off, more times than I can count, beer thrown on us from the section above, they chanted how much Houston sucked, and on and on," Dowling posted on Facebook.
9527	We were LGBT people taking care of our own, and we did all of it openly.
9528	"We were out there just battling, trying to hit the ball hard somewhere, and (Garcia) kept us off balance.
9529	We were privileged to know that he lived and worked amongst us.
9530	We were sitting at dinner together and I said, "What did you think it was that turned the corner on you being so in demand and loved to this degree?"
9531	We were told that they had to wait for the safety inspector because the job involved a couple of tasks at the top of several telephone poles.
9532	"We were up 10 entering the quarter and down four by the time he comes back in. We get him back in the game and go back up."
9533	We were yet to hear anything yet about 'Broken Britain', or witness the ascendancy of Cameron's Conservative Party as it sought to demonize the unemployed as 'scroungers' to path the way for benefit cuts.
9534	"We will continue to carry out additional testing in the coming days.
9535	"We will monitor the development closely and respond promptly and appropriately as possible.
9536	"We will not be able to control our future."
9537	"We will not tolerate aggression against the State of Israel, and maintain the right to exercise self defense against perpetrators of attacks against Israel and its civilians," Lerner said.
9538	"We will see at camp, then."
9539	We will wait and see what happens."
9540	"We will work with (the) ICC, and we have always promised to do this," Kenyatta told supporters at a rally.
9541	We won nothing today — nada."
9542	"We would form a liquor commission, it would go from there depending on how many licenses you would want to issue, the fees for the licenses, and how it is regulated," says Deitz.
9543	“We would have thought along a different track.
9544	"We would like to have these elections have several people step up and run, and be competitive, and I think in that sense, we get a broader array of community members, and we get the highest quality people sitting on the school board."
9545	We would not copy somebody else's well-earned scenario, and I will be sure to let USC know that."
9546	Whale watchers at the state Department of Natural Resources are celebrating, saying it's the first time a whale saved from entanglement in Georgia waters has come back to give birth.
9547	What about Apple Glass?
9548	What about the story that he planned to not return to Radio City Music Hall for Day 2 of the NFL Draft?
9549	What about verbal abuse for the kids.
9550	What advice would you give them for preparing for their trips?
9551	What a great service you are doing for the public.
9552	"What a lot of people don't know in this state is that Democrats actually held a majority of the offices statewide," said Munisteri, explaining that as recently as 2008, Republicans held around 2,400 of the roughly 5,200 political offices in the state.
9553	What a low blow!
9554	What are we going to do tonight?
9555	➢ What are you doing to inspire innovation in your organization?
9556	What better time to confront a loved one's major issues than the holidays?
9557	What can the U.S. and its allies do?
9558	What classes are you taking?"
9559	What did they read?
9560	What did this man mean we haven't seen it yet?
9561	What does it prove either way?
9562	WHAT does the practice of placing children next to dangerous predators show about Russian culture, according to the author?
9563	What do most people expect when the are sick and go to a doctor?
9564	What drives some people to build underground bunkers in America?
9565	What exactly happens when the we no longer have the ability to live off other people's money or imaginary money?
9566	What happened to a 16-year-old girl in Steubenville, OH—in a car and in a house—was horrible.
9567	What hasn't been determined yet is how much money will be going to each community.
9568	What has two horns, a beard, and an appetite for weeds?
9569	"What if I had run faster?
9570	"What I find is most people don't really start their new regimen, their new program, until the second (of January)."
9571	"What I love is that Keilani was right there with it, saying, 'Yeah, go ahead.
9572	What is considered to be cancerous to one patient will not apply to some other patient.
9573	What is harshly bitter to some 25% of the world—often classified as "supertasters"—is barely bitter to about another third.
9574	What is important for us as Gambians is to increase both effectively and efficiently our participation in the struggle to keep a healthy and sustainable environment.
9575	What is interesting about these weapons is none of them are used by the Syrian military, and, apart from small numbers of RPG-22s, none had been used before by the Syrian opposition.
9576	What is it about Black Friday that so irrationally draws Americans away from their Thanksgiving feast, toward the stress-inducing commotion of crowded shopping centers—all for the promise of just slightly better-than-average deals?
9577	What is most shocking is how easy it has been for those who took Kalpana to get away with their crime.
9578	What is sickening is, we have people in this country who would send youngsters to their deaths to satisfy their own agenda,s.
9579	What is the barrier to innovation?
9580	What is the Philippines going to send out to meet the Chinese Navy, a couple of banca boats?
9581	What I want to say is that although I sympathise with my vengeful comrade, I do think there is an etiquette that accompanies the Facebook friendship.
9582	What makes it continuously worse is that there are those easily shepherded sheep that still believe the Tea Party is about them.
9583	What makes you think I am female?
9584	What may be even more troubling about the popularity of this programming, says Coyne, is that many of the people who exhibit bullying-type behavior on reality TV programs are "very rich and very successful."
9585	“What McFly was subjected to and endured was horrific, yet he was determined to survive,” WHS senior officer Dan D’Eramo said in a statement.
9586	What occurs in Egypt will have far reaching consequences across the entire Middle East.
9587	What people should be upset about is the simple fact that Judges and other entities within our legal system are stockholders in the CCA.
9588	WHAT problem is the video trying to address?
9589	What’s being done to stop it?
9590	What’s happened: Eastern Washington exposed the defense in an opening-game ambush, but OSU has rebounded with QB Sean Mannion — national leader in passing yards at 403.6 a game — pitching it all over.
9591	What should you do when you're trying to lose weight, and you feel hungry?
9592	What's more, mobile represents 21 percent of bookings compared with 8 percent a year ago.
9593	What's nice about the benign violation theory is that it fits from an evolutionary perspective, too.
9594	What's the deal with Thunder players getting T'd up sitting on the bench?
9595	What that means is that industrial and farming base of the United States of America is collapsing.
9596	What the Grizzlies did and why, meanwhile, still doesn't sit well with him.
9597	What the Reinhart-Rogoff affair shows is the extent to which austerity has been sold on false pretenses.
9598	What to expect later, longer-term forecast.
9599	"What was different," Hale asked, "between that and the little red joy stick that pushes a button thousands of miles away"?
9600	"What was important for me was how he goes.
9601	What was their motive for carrying out the massacre?
9602	What was the problem you were trying to solve?
9603	What we call the Arab Spring was first of all the North African Spring -- in Tunisia, Egypt, and Libya -- and hip-hop was already there.
9604	What we have on a global scale is a massive amount of lending by the poor to the rich.
9605	What we love about the Inconnue is the uncertainty, the enigma.
9606	What we've been missing is something colorful, something brash, safe and yet a little naughty.
9607	“What we would like is to make sure the money that’s directed at the schools isn’t somehow offset,” Kilby-Chesley said.
9608	What worries me far more is that individuals buying them are taking on a dog bred directly from two working Turkish dogs.
9609	What would you have them do?
9610	When asked by a reporter to describe Putin, Tolokonnikova said he "was closed, non-transparent and a chekist," a Soviet-era term which refers to a member of the security service.
9611	When asked what dreams she still had, Hung smiled and pointed at the students in front of her.
9612	"When biofuel is produced from such vegetation, the overall climatic impact is very positive," says lead researcher Ilya Gelfand of Michigan State University.
9613	When contacted, Guma Local Government Council Chairman, Mr. Frank Adii confirmed that at the time of filing this report, fighting was still raging in the village.
9614	When did I say the country is overrun by democrats and unions?
9615	“Whenever she won an award, it was shipped to the Shania Twain Centre.
9616	When everything is concluded, she hopes to find inner peace and to lead a normal life.
9617	When families hear this looting is going on even as family members are dying, it is hard to come together when that is happening."
9618	When: Feb. 12 from noon to 3 pm.
9619	"When food stamps were cut back, we saw more people come in," Bluffton Self Help vice president John Orth said, referring to the reduction of the federally funded nutrition program during October's government shutdown.
9620	When Gene Hackman opted not to return as Lex Luthor, Superman III swapped in Robert Vaughn as a suspiciously similar corporate villain, and leaned heavily on Richard Pryor's campy, toothless supporting performance.
9621	When GE shipped its first evaporator along the route in August, 20 protesters were arrested trying to block the way, including Nez Perce Tribal Chairman Silas Whitman.
9622	When he did return, he was gimpy, a player who looked like he returned too soon — albeit courageous, tough and competitive as he put it on the line for the team.
9623	When he finally gets out, twenty years later, he tries to find his captors, clear his name, and get revenge, but his captors have their own plans for him.
9624	When he learned of the father’s walk, he embraced and encouraged it.
9625	When he refused, officers surrounded the building and used a bullhorn to make multiple demands for Palmer to leave the building.
9626	When he refused, they went against him.
9627	“When he relocated to London following his separation from Tracy De Gietelink, he learnt Amanda Volpi was still using his surname.”
9628	“When he’s being more casual, relaxed, then let the curl come out, then that’s going to attract all kinds of people, especially women,” said Brunger, who has advised other political candidates in the past with her International Image Institute.
9629	When I asked her where she found the energy that lights up that smile after all she's been through, she said simply: "It's my family.
9630	When I asked him how he could diagnose a pre-cancerous or cancerous growth on the basis of an ultrasound scan, he admitted that he sometimes didn't do biopsies before removing the uterus, only afterwards.
9631	When I came down I was posted to Mubi; I was administrative officer, I was provincial electoral officer and so on and so forth.
9632	"When I do a fashion show, I always tell a story.
9633	"When I moved here, you could not find sweet potatoes on mainstream menus," says Wells, a co-author of "Food for the Soul: A Texas Expatriate Nurtures Her Culinary Roots in Paris."
9634	“When I recognized the socioeconomic status of my classmates, I pushed up the price from $3 to $10 to $15.
9635	“When I say we're not participating, that doesn't mean boycotting and allowing Frelimo and the other parties to take part in the elections”, he said.
9636	"When it expires, it occurs at a time when there's a lot of uncertainty about the future of the West Virginia Turnpike and the future of tolling in West Virginia," Barr said.
9637	When I was appointed governor of CBN, I was living in Kaduna.
9638	When I was reading about Sergio having to finish in the fog it reminded me of the lousy conditions they all played in at Bethpage a few years back.
9639	"When I was writing the end of the book," she says, "it was through sheets of tears and snot.
9640	When Jones wrote to the U.S. Embassy in London about his enthusiasm the two boys were invited to visit and try on the equipment, the shoulder pads seeming like an inspiration for the wardrobe of the future Ziggy Stardust.
9641	When Louisville Coach Rick Pitino recruited Dieng, an alumnus of Huntington Prep in West Virginia and SEEDS Academy in Senegal, he said Dieng knew only two words: hello and goodbye.
9642	When Miller went to the hospital to get checked out after the accident last Saturday, his blood tests were abnormal.
9643	When minors sell T-shirts at the mall or flip burgers at a fast food restaurant, their employment falls under the federal Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 for minimum wage, overtime, work hours and other conditions.
9644	When obama took office, ignored those PDB's and planes hit the WTC, then borrowed trillions from chinese to wage war then underfunded financial regulators in the housing market crash that devistated our economy.
9645	When people are unreliable, distrust leads to mistrust.
9646	When people choose to smoke, they know that they're going to be wasting money, and that they might die as a result.
9647	"When people realized what was going on, they started putting out the flames and emergency personnel took him to the hospital."
9648	"When people think of the needs, they always think of hunger - but we can always use things like laundry detergent, dish soap, bar soap, toilet paper, toothpaste, and all those kinds of things that people also need.
9649	When Roger Ebert wrote that video games are not art he was right.
9650	When Scott and Bryant were first introduced, the two met right on the emblem of the Buccaneers painted on the grounds of Huey School yard.
9651	When she came at me again, she was at an arms distance as I used the bear spray on her.
9652	When she was little, she preferred rolling a tire down the street with the boys to dressing up dolls with the girls.
9653	When Speaker John Boehner and House Republicans feign concern over the problems with the law or the glitches with implementation, they have no credibility.
9654	When talking about the abrupt end of his Air Force career, Bush stressed repeatedly that the Air Force has its standards for a reason and no one should be exempt from them.
9655	When the call came, it was a long night.
9656	"When the government controls the police and the resources to enforce the persecution, the discriminated don't have an army and they don't have weapons."
9657	When the school administration organized a vote on the issue, 90 percent of the teachers did not want the 30 or 40 trees to be cut down for the pool and parking lot, but the school went ahead with the construction plans anyway.
9658	When the switch was thrown.
9659	When the talk is about guns, not everyone is reachable.
9660	When the two soaps were canceled by ABC in 2011, fans begged Winfrey to give them a second life on OWN.
9661	When they approached the vigilantes in a van, they pulled the rifles out from the coffin and opened fire, killing the civilians, Aji said.
9662	When they are away at daycare and grandmas, you just don’t know what they eating.”
9663	When they found out about Nerhood and her daughter's lost electronic device, they immediately agreed to ship her out another one.
9664	When they have children, the grandchildren will automatically experience these results also.
9665	When they realized what I was doing, the district head ordered that I be ejected from the house.
9666	When they see us together, they totally get it."
9667	"When they were seniors in high school, they were celebrated like superstars.
9668	“When we first drove up, my first impression was, this is it.
9669	"When we got to this witch idea, I thought, if you’re Misty and you have grown up alone and you don’t know any other witches, there’s one witch you probably would know and that’s Stevie Nicks," Murphy explained.
9670	"When we take in crab, it's iced and kept until the truck or boat comes the next day to take it over to Valleyfield," she said.
9671	When we think of poetry we think of old men from hundreds of years ago miserable and confused.
9672	When will the people of the United States unite and stop this wreck?
9673	When you can win with a crowd like this, it makes it even better,” Chiefs head coach Andy Reid said in a post-game news conference.
9674	"When you look at Western brands coming to the market, you're going to get more full service out of a select-service brand," Ford says.
9675	"When you or your developer are writing code against our APIs or SDKs and you have a question, let us know.
9676	When you place them side by side, JBG had the better proposal.
9677	"When you see firsthand all the positive changes these women experience, it's very rewarding."
9678	Where does this rank in the hierarchy of Very Bad Ideas?
9679	Where do you draw it?
9680	"Wherever he is, he will be found and brought to justice."
9681	Wherever you travel in the British Isles, you’ll find a version of the stick-to-your ribs breakfast fry.
9682	Where was President Obama during the 8-hour attack?
9683	Whether found innocent or guilty, they deserve a speedier resolution than this.
9684	Whether it's on the field or off the field, I have a do-right mentality."
9685	Whether it's with Hollywood, whether it's with sports figures, whether it's the President, that's kind of how it works.
9686	Whether that’s the team’s hope or not remains to be seen.
9687	Whether you are completing your own look this football season or looking for a special gift for your favorite fan, Gameday statement jewelry is a great idea.
9688	Which choice would you recommend?
9689	Which is how I ended up intrigued by sports beauty products that promise to replenish moisture after working out.
9690	Which is very useful if you've painted pretty colored rockets and planets on it, but perhaps less useful if you haven't.
9691	While 49 of 70 Pocono winners have started in the top 10, none has ever won from the ninth starting position.
9692	While challenges posed by looming pension obligations are not unique to the OFL, the cure may be more difficult for the federation, which bills itself as an umbrella group for Ontario’s working people and their unions, experts suggest.
9693	While climate change is not the sole cause of drought, climate scientists say rising temperatures can exacerbate it by causing more moisture to evaporate from the soil.
9694	While Damascus remains a regime stronghold, rebels and government fighters are battling very close to the city -- threatening to take the fight to the seat of President Bashar al-Assad's power.
9695	While Drogba's penalty miss last year just under 70 minutes deflated Ivory Coast, the fact that they have gone through such gut-wrenching more times than anyone else means that they are better prepared to recover from such situations.
9696	While everyone will have to wait for the actual song to parse the specifics of the song's message, the source hinted that the idea was generally that all people are manifestations of a higher power.
9697	While evidence of chemical warfare could bolster an argument for intervention at the United Nations in the face of likely Russian and Chinese opposition, Western leaders and the Arab League have already declared Assad guilty.
9698	While here, the president of the Regional Council of Martinique met with Prime Minister Kamla Persad-Bissessar and ministers of foreign affairs, energy, planning, trade, culture and other government officials.
9699	While I’m accustomed to using the words “working parents” here, the debate, of course, centered around mothers.
9700	While in the U.S., the brothers received welfare benefits.
9701	"While I understand that the Departments of the Army and Defense must adjust to the current budget realities, this decision seems to focus on shorter-term savings at the expense of longer-term readiness," Beshear said.
9702	While I was in Miami, I noticed the ghosts' mostly spoke Spanish.
9703	While many have now died, a group of Korean survivors has spent years protesting outside the Japanese embassy in Seoul.
9704	While most Israelis are secular, Judaism has a formal place in the country's affairs, and Orthodox rabbis strictly govern religious events such as weddings, divorces and burials for the Jewish population.
9705	While on the beach, he said they had fun, stating, "We had penis exhibition."
9706	While police said Jonathan Orser and his wife did have permits for many of the weapons authorities uncovered at their home, more than a dozen handguns "have been found to be in possible violation of federal and/or state laws."
9707	While spending the money, she did not pay household bills such as water and electric.
9708	While successive 8-5 seasons made Notre Dame look like a team treading water, it was over this period that Kelly was putting in place his "platform," Toma said.
9709	While the actual details of the PlayStation 4 (and even its name) are still under wraps, some widely reported possible features include streaming game content, more second-screen options, and a possible touch-enhanced controller.
9710	While the canines of Capitol Hill are happy for the all-day company, the dog walkers are left lonely -- and broke.
9711	While the first ladies agree that it's not their place to criticize their husband's job performance, all bets are off when it comes to their daughters.
9712	While the magazine may not have the cachet it did back in the day, "the cover of the Rolling Stone" has had an iconic role in American pop culture since Dr. Hook & the Medicine Show sang about their lust to be on it back in 1973.
9713	While the protests began as a small environmental movement to save a park, they grew as a reaction to these policies that many say interfere with all aspects of people's lives and threaten Turkey's democracy.
9714	While the recently released 2012/13 unaudited financials showed that NBC reported a 10% growth in revenue, I was disappointed with the way Aochamub tried to sell the nation a dummy by announcing that the national broadcaster is close to breaking even.
9715	While the season ended with disappointment for Greely, the Rangers made a nice run with a lineup that included four freshmen and three sophomores.
9716	While the US$13 billion that JPMorgan is paying is a staggering sum, it represents only about 60 percent of the bank’s US$21.3 billion net income reported for last year.
9717	While the Zoolight animals will provide some light along the way, the course will be dark, Bissell said, “with several stretches without power.”
9718	While victims can be as young as five, they have recently seen nine year old perpetrators, and cases where mothers offer their children to their boyfriends for sex for R50 just to survive.
9719	"While we cannot comment on any particular matter, we, like all other companies, must respond to valid subpoenas issued by law enforcement," AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said in an email.
9720	While we can publicly talk about sex in all its thrilling messiness with a little more candor than we could a few generations back, we still live most of our lives within an invisible envelope of politeness.
9721	While we don't know the personal circumstances of everyone on board this particular boat, we do know that the majority were from Somalia and Eritrea, two of the top 10 sources of refugees in the world, according to the UNHCR.
9722	"While we’d rather avoid events such as this, they do occur at schools across our city.
9723	While we may not understand the America's ability to cripple their own political machine, a country that will defend to its bitter end freedom of speech most certainly doesn't understand the ongoing press regulation debacle in the UK.
9724	White, a restricted free agent, had been eligible for arbitration.
9725	Who dat white girl be?
9726	WHO does not advise special screening at airports for travelers coming back from the Hajj and doesn’t recommend any travel or trade restrictions.
9727	Who is Steve Darcis?
9728	Whom ever this Elsa La Rosa person is needs to get a vehicle because this is public transit and these things are to be expected when usign public transit.
9729	Who's responsible for the sequester?
9730	Who was behind this move?
9731	Who will ever trust anything he ever does again on a baseball field?
9732	Who would have guessed that BP is saying that they shouldn't pay a giant sum of money for destroying an entire ecosystem.
9733	Why are the dogs always blamed when this type of thing happens?
9734	Why are the police showing up at Yarborough's joints?
9735	Why are we after run-off from streets and the overall acidification of fish habitats and then dismissing consideration of harm to fish?
9736	Why can't I buy land in a Druse village or Arab municipality.
9737	Why can't they put some of that back toward the people of the city?
9738	Why did he have to kill the boy?
9739	"Why does it work for this disease?"
9740	Why do people troll themselves online?
9741	Why do they have to resort to such actions?
9742	Why isn't having children viewed in the same way?"
9743	Why it matters: The same borderless reach of YouTube that allowed Psy to become an international sensation also allowed freedom of speech in one country to inflame anger in another part of the world.
9744	Why not feature Heckle & Jeckle because they're gay and black?
9745	Why not take advantage of it to the fullest?
9746	Why, this can't be, I thought all Muslims were terrorists?
9747	Why this is a big deal: Scientists should be able to better study which of the many bundled-together regions of the chromosome are related to things like aging and disease.
9748	Why were there no MS preorders online?
9749	Why would the parents let kids this age play on a game that contains rape? it must be rated over 18? Why would a game need to have raping in it anyway.
9750	Why would the players care – seniors in particular – when the team and the program faced such an uncertain future?
9751	WICHITA, Kansas -- A Wichita man was arrested on Father's Day for an alleged case of child endangerment.
9752	Wi-Fi-only models will start at $399 for a 16GB gigabyte model, while cellular-capable models will start at $529 for the 16GB model.
9753	Wilford says many families with children in Sandy Hook school have gotten to know one another better since the tragedy.
9754	William Paterson has hired consultants to devise a 15-year plan to look at its housing needs and likely will either raze or renovate some of its oldest dorms, said Martone.
9755	Williams acknowledged the idea has been proposed before.
9756	Williams advised the travellers to ensure that the amount they would travel with was declared, adding that the money should be changed at a registered commercial bank and Bureau De Change.
9757	Williams denied the allegations.
9758	Williams, Hayes and Pettway are charged with two counts of second-degree robbery.
9759	Will you have the opportunity to put a well-known employer on your resume that you may leverage for the rest of your professional career?
9760	Wilson was sacked on the next play, moving the ball back to the 37. With Hauschka limited, Seattle punted.
9761	WinADayCasino.com has just had a complete make-over that gets players to the casino games easier than ever.
9762	Winds gusting up to 50 mph were expected there.
9763	"Winning a championship is a step to have that opportunity to become a leader, but there are several other steps."
9764	Wisconsin coach Bo Ryan and his …
9765	With 199 days to go until the opening of the Sochi Olympics, the hockey federations of many countries have released their preliminary rosters for their men's teams ahead of their orientation camps.
9766	With 6-lines, an available extension module, built-in call recording and up to 6 SIP accounts and 5-way conferencing, HD audio, Gigabit network ports and built-in Bluetooth, the GXP2200 is ideal for Enterprise, SOHO, and call-center applications.
9767	With about 90 percent of Americans favoring universal background checks for gun buyers, GOP lawmakers' strong resistance might appear foolhardy.
9768	With a deadline quickly approaching, officials want to make sure Medicare beneficiaries have the best plan to fit their needs.
9769	With all that's taking place in these United States and the world, we need more than ever to be reminded of the work in which those patriots were involved and their dedication to seek redress from the wrongs of a king and Parliament.
9770	With a low-paying job that barely pays he high student debt owed, what would you expect.
9771	With an estimated generated power of 40,000 megawatts, the Grand Inga will have twice as much capacity as the Three Gorges dam (pictured) in China, currently the world's largest hydro project.
9772	With an urban popular base in Bamako, Keïta was able to reconnect with ordinary Malians whose disenchantment with the political class generated a surprising degree of sympathy for the soldiers who seized power in March 2012.
9773	With big, tall targets, it is all coming together.
9774	With both teams already in the bonus, Davis was sent to the line with and looked to suffer a similar fate as Ressel when his first shot rimmed up before falling back in. Davis sunk his second shot to give his team a two-point advantage.
9775	With broadcast networks unveiling their new schedules, the television industry is focused on potential ratings hits next season.
9776	With China's markets closed until Thursday for a national holiday, Hong Kong's Hang Seng index has traded in a limited range, falling 1.2 percent Tuesday to 21,354.
9777	With Congress reaching agreement to fund federal government operations Wednesday night, park staffers are expected to return to work Thursday.
9778	With extra shrubbery around the house--what, do they want privacy or something?
9779	With government spending fueling about 20 percent of the U.S. economy, deep cuts could quickly derail growth coming from households and businesses.
9780	With great expectations by the fans of both teams, the match will be played by the first and second positioned squads of the tournament with 56 and 44 points, respectively.
9781	With Hall of Famers Hakeem Olajuwon and Clyde Drexler joining them, the Rockets pitched Howard on leaving Los Angeles and joining All-Star James Harden in Houston.
9782	With Hanley Ramirez all but cemented at shortstop, it made Sellers' option to Triple-A on March 19 all but inevitable.
9783	With hit single Started From the Bottom currently in the top 10 of Billboard's Hot 100, Drake plans to drum up more interest in his new album, Nothing Was the Same, out this fall.
9784	Within its range, the red-billed firefinch may nest in thatched roofs.
9785	Within the world of twitching, there are countless rankings — lifetime lists, annual lists, semiofficial lists, slightly more official lists.
9786	"With Jordan, they are the first ones who have come and just asked me directly for increased assistance and we've said yes," Kim said.
9787	With less than two minutes left in the period, Howland, a sophomore forward, deposited the puck into the right side, converting Donovan’s feed from the far side of the crease.
9788	With Mike, we see the change that he goes through where he starts out as a newbie but really, by the end of the season, the student becomes the master -- or at least the equal.
9789	With Miller looking the other way, Gionta easily slipped it toward the open net, and the puck banked in off Bourque's skate.
9790	"With NBC, you're joining a family at NBC Sports where you'll be surrounded by incredible championship-type programming," said Steve Herbst, NASCAR's vice president of broadcasting and production.
9791	With new manager Rudi Garcia clearly leaving his mark on a squad that missed out on Europe last season with a sixth-place finish, Roma has scored 20 goals and conceded just one.
9792	With new people arriving in West Frankfort, Morthland has had to work on housing options.
9793	"With none of those who scrambled for controlling the direction of the continent showing interest to come to the recue of people of the continent, 'Africa was suddenly left to fend for itself' as former Secretary General Kofi Annan put it.
9794	With or without circumcision your chances of catching AIDS are just as high and to suggest it is not to the masses is beyond irresponsible.
9795	Without German support, the whole scheme will falter.
9796	"Without telling me what if you're innocent or not, sir, do you understand what you've been accused of?" said Judge Griffin.
9797	Without the dog being a threat, you would be booked for a class C felony.
9798	With over 2 million users worldwide, our solutions enable enterprises, military and government organizations to classify information and meet regulatory compliance by securing unstructured information.
9799	With over 3,000 likes—a far cry from the 21,000 likes an anti-Ford page has garnered, administrator Neil Flagg provides near-hourly updates on the status of the mayor and the political implosions surrounding him.
9800	With Scout, you could look up an address on any of these platforms, then access it on the others.
9801	With space to drive forward, and after shaking off a tackle attempt by Shea Salinas, Mapp unleashed a knuckling shot from 40 yards out that clipped the inside of the post and eluded San Jose goalkeeper Jon Busch.
9802	With speed merchant Mike Wallace gone, the Steelers had to step up to prevent the New England Patriots from snagging emerging Emmanuel Sanders as a restricted free agent.
9803	With stylish budget guesthouses and heaps of free activities, see the islands on a budget.
9804	With such dominant home form, the Dynamo have made it to back-to-back MLS Cup title matches, losing to the Los Angeles Galaxy on both occasions.
9805	With such margins, traffickers today not only come up with new distribution channels continually, they also refine their business model.
9806	With tensions high and expectations low, Israeli and Palestinian negotiators kicked off their first substantive round of peace talks in nearly five years, huddling together at an undisclosed location Wednesday in search of an end to decades of conflict.
9807	With the country divided, Morsi's critics accused Syrians of participating in the protests calling for him to be reinstated.
9808	"With the exception of a few countries -- particularly in northern Europe -- the old continent is struggling; and the most vulnerable segments of the population are at great risk."
9809	With the help of the Make-a-Wish Foundation, San Francisco was turned into Gotham City, where 5-year-old Miles Scott suited up as Batkid and saved the day.
9810	With their eyes closed.
9811	With their hit single "Die da?
9812	With the linebackers, it's a good first baseman or outfielder.'
9813	With the NFL showing a penchant for bringing is championship game to new venues — Dallas and Indianapolis very recently, New Jersey next February — Santa Clara would appear to have a strong chance.
9814	With the organization's buying power and cooperative rebate funding that is at the core of the partnership, the pricing gets more favorable as more members participate.
9815	"With the recognition that efforts to reduce drug supply are unlikely to be successful, there is a clear need to scale up addiction treatment and other strategies that can effectively reduce drug-related harm."
9816	With the rial at 36,000 to the dollar in the open market, Iran's currency is around a third of the value it had in mid-2011, making imported goods far more expensive.
9817	With the utmost respect, service men and women welcomed home one of their own Wednesday afternoon.
9818	With the worst kept secret in football finally out,.
9819	With Wednesday's decisions, the country has taken another giant step forward toward fulfilling the Constitution's promise of equality for all.
9820	Witnesses at the scene say the mother and daughter were trapped inside the burning home while the father of the house, N.E., fled outside though with flames flaring from the clothes he put on.
9821	Witnesses on day two of the trial said they were surprised when BP abandoned one proposed way to plug the well, which would have put a new blowout preventer on top of a similar device.
9822	W.K. will be a blast at Riot Fest proper, but we HIGHLY recommend you catch him later that night at Double Door for a Riot Fest aftershow.
9823	Women's groups on Wednesday demanded a criminal sexual assault investigation for a provincial lawmaker who was caught by security video having what appears to be forced sex with a female legislative employee so drunk she may have been unconscious.
9824	Woodard is charged with obstruction, fleeing in a vehicle causing property damage, leaving the scene with property damage and possession of a stolen vehicle.
9825	Woodhead served as a third-down back for New England and last season had 76 carries for 301 yards and four touchdowns to go with plus 40 receptions for 446 yards and three touchdowns.
9826	Workers and a crane took the crumpled plane out of the structure and onto a flatbed truck Friday morning.
9827	Workers lay booms on the Chaudiere River near Lac-Megantic, Quebec, to contain the crude oil spill following a train derailment and explosion.
9828	Workers load humanitarian aid from United Nations onto a plane for Syrian families, in Arbil airport, …
9829	Workers will also install some of the project's 14 rain gardens, designed to naturally treat stormwater before it flows into the Thea Foss Waterway.
9830	Working together on a volunteer project gives teams new perspective on how to work together back in the office.
9831	Working with them every week it gets to a point that we're such good friends and they always have your back.
9832	World champion Eve Muirhead of Scotland is into the final of the Players' Championship curling event in Toronto.
9833	World No. 2 Rory McIlroy will miss the weekend’s action after slumping to a 75 and a 12-over-par total while former world No. 1 Luke Donald finished 10 over, a 72 failing to repair the damage of his opening 80.
9834	World Trade Center Properties and its affiliates have already received $4.9 billion U.S. in claims stemming from the destruction of the twin towers.
9835	Worshippers at a Sunday church service in the Johannesburg township of Soweto prayed for Mandela's recovery.
9836	"Worst is at the bottom, which means you can't get no worser," O'Neal told USA TODAY Sports.
9837	Would BYU, now playing football as an independent, be interested in a return to the MWC?
9838	Wouldn't want to give these idiots something else to aspire towards.
9839	Would Rudy Giuliani take the job?
9840	Would that make it fair enough for you and the other people who say that $15 is a fair living wage?
9841	Would you mind if your doctor were treating you through a display on top of a robot?
9842	Wow, I can't believe I'm above normal.
9843	Write down long-term goals, then tape them up somewhere you'll see them every day, or at least several times per week.
9844	Writing a blog that grows and creates interest has the ability to create an aura of authority around your business.
9845	Writing good sex is harder than it sounds.
9846	Writing in the Marine Corps Gazette, a female Marine officer who served on two combat tours said the physical demands of infantry fighting were harmful to the health of women.
9847	Wuer Kaixi said everyone in Taiwan — in particular the politicians — should embrace and learn from Chen’s fearlessness in squaring up to Beijing.
9848	WVU hosts one commencement in December and individual ceremonies for each college or school in the spring.
9849	WVU quarterbacks Clint Trickett, left, and Paul Millard interact practice.
9850	XBOX ONE INTEGRATION — You can pick up where you left off if you start playing a video purchased on Xbox Video on a tablet and then watch the rest on Microsoft’s upcoming game console, Xbox One.
9851	X-rays show dog peppered with 80-100 BB pellets - Video on NBCNews.
9852	Yahoo writers are getting better and better every day.
9853	Yakima Police responded to a drive-by shooting around 2am.
9854	Yakima police would love you to give them a call if you recognize the man in the video.
9855	Yakima Prosecutors would gave gotten him off with 2 years each Chad.
9856	Yang spends time in both the Beijing and Morrisville offices, the spokesman said last year.
9857	Yankees President Randy Levine has been told to be ready to testify Tuesday at Alex Rodriguez's grievance hearing to overturn his 211-game suspension.
9858	Yeah I like hanging out at Bell House, and then Union Hall also is great Sunday to Wednesday.
9859	Yeah, that's everybody else's job.
9860	Yeah yeah we know, good luck getting it through the House, dem ticks.
9861	"Yeah, you miss it.
9862	Years later, he said he actually preferred his experience on the ocean floor to his time in space.
9863	Yellen said while the risks needed to be monitored closely, "At this stage, I do not see any that would cause me to advocate a curtailment of our purchase program."
9864	Yemeni authorities on January 23 intercepted the shipment which they said was carrying surface-to-air missiles, Katyusha rockets, explosives, ammunition and surveillance systems.
9865	Yemeni security experts have argued that drones have on numerous occasions have directly played into al Qaeda's favor, turning peaceful tribal communities into vengeful killers.
9866	Yenagoa — Former Bayelsa State Governor, Chief Timipre Sylva, yesterday, described Governor Seriake Dickson's administration claim that it inherited from him (Sylva) a state treasury with N4,451 as face saving pranks.
9867	Yes Gaby, I actually bought these books when my oldest was in kindergarten, there are age appropriate books in the series.
9868	Yes I am quite familiar with urban dictionary.
9869	Yes, Mac Pro fans, it looks as though you’re actually going to get a new version of your favorite desktop very soon.
9870	Yesterday, all activities in the Eastern corridor in Accra froze at the presence of the famous Man of God, who was said to have worked supernaturally to cause one of the major upsets in presidential elections in Africa.
9871	Yesterday Edmonton councillors deferred a crucial vote on the arena until city administration finds ways to make up a $55 million shortfall.
9872	Yesterday MPs debated and approved the reports prepared by 11 departmental committees that vetted the nominees.
9873	"Yes, there remain racial inequalities in employment, income, health, wealth, incarceration and in the victims and perpetrators of violent crime," he said.
9874	Yes, we need to sort out the NHS.
9875	Yet in his career, the Cleveland Browns are 36-66 (.353 winning percentage) and have finished either 5-11 or 4-12 five times.
9876	Yet it is a glimpse of our future.
9877	Yet Kristal said he suspects most benefits that mothers report from consuming their baby's placenta are rooted in the placebo effect.
9878	Yet none of this explains why Dagestan is suddenly so prominent in international news headlines.
9879	Yet now they're the only two players to win the first three majors of the year.
9880	"Yet our soldiers continue to persevere and carry on, driven by a desire and commitment to keep our enemies at bay.
9881	Yet, some still are having problems just getting through from start to finish.
9882	Yet the celebration has been bittersweet, with Rocky's father passing away over Christmas.
9883	Yet the key ingredient to Smart's full-court pressuring defense is arguably hinged upon the team's depth, and the 36-year-old coach is optimistic VCU will improve with a handful of newcomers.
9884	Yet those ads did not all focus on immigration.
9885	Yildirim said she feels sad about being on the sideline, but she understands why she’s being held out.
9886	Yo-Ho-Ho, I don't think so.
9887	York and his co-author Ann Barr captured the mood of the times perfectly in their 1982 best seller "The Official Sloane Ranger Guide" which sold over a million copies and acquired cult status.
9888	You all said he walked on water although these days it is looking more like he is walking on very thin ice.
9889	“You always hurt the one you love.”
9890	You and your fellow ilk on council, like Darrell Clarke sytematically undermine income and job growth in this city, eroding the tax base and turning a blind eye to tax delinquents.
9891	You are an embarrassment to your cause.
9892	You are loved by family and friends.
9893	You can access all team rankings at NCAA.
9894	You can also teach English, then move into maybe a pizza place.
9895	You can browse various channels and easily watch any show, movie, or sports program from your device.
9896	You can check Telegraph Tickets for a full list of the UK tour dates below.
9897	You can check the prison release data.
9898	You can curl it or iron it, depending on how long you want it to be.
9899	You can go out on the concrete and use that abrasive of the concrete to take the lid off your can so you can eat,” says Nuss.
9900	You can imagine what is happening to people around Gulu-Atiak road, Vura-Arua-Maracha-Koboko-Oraba road.
9901	You cannot differentiate," said Abdul-Rahman, who relies on a network of opposition activists to provide daily updates on fighting and casualties.
9902	You cannot negotiate with terrorists.
9903	You can pay as much as $5.92 in Honolulu to a low of $2.81 in Seattle, according to the study.
9904	You can't achieve something like with just a few heart-to-heart talks.
9905	You can't do a thing about it.
9906	You can't go and change the constitution every six months," Reding said.
9907	You can't go negative; you've got to find a positive out of every loss."
9908	You can’t just tilt the screen a little to eliminate a bit of glare you’re getting from a nearby window.
9909	You can’t leave this situation the way that it is and expect the Chicago Bulls to reap results.
9910	You can't use it if your provider is AT&T, T-Mobile, or Verizon Wireless, because those companies have formed a consortium behind their own mobile money product, called Isis.
9911	You could also pick up Travers' original "Mary Poppins" book, to determine for yourself just how different the book-Mary was from the Disney version.
9912	You could be a 'lone wolf' or a you could be a member of a group and organization.
9913	You could have done better!
9914	“You could not do that if given a thousand chances," said anchor Ian Eagle during the YES Network broadcast of the game.
9915	You'd have to pay us at least the price of a ticket to see that dreck again. 200 times!
9916	"You don't deal with it.
9917	You don’t focus on the right things.
9918	You do realize that the death of an old tree provides nutrients to support new ones.
9919	You either love the shit out of them or you are lining up to help dig a mass grave for them.
9920	“You get a lot of customer complaints if you don't have them,” Chifici said.
9921	You have no idea what was going on in her life when she had those boys.
9922	“You just go in and it's lovely,” she said.
9923	"You just kind of go out there and trick your mind, saying it's not going to happen.
9924	You just want to keep your kids safe.
9925	"You know, 95 years of this tradition, it's somewhat alarming at times, that there are people out there (who are not veterans) who don't really concentrate on what this day is all about," Meyerowich said.
9926	You know it's all empty calories, but some folks eat it anyway."
9927	"You know, looking at what Jeffrey was like by October, that unless someone did something, Jeffrey would die," Kristjanson asked.
9928	"You know that saying, 'You're only as happy as your saddest child?'
9929	You know to dumb down the masses.
9930	"You know, work with him, joke with him."
9931	"You know you're on the side of the truth."
9932	You'll have to concentrate for this one, as Asus revealed the secret behind its "Metallic Miracle" trailer was not one, but two very different devices with almost, but not quite, identical names.
9933	You’ll need to present your current and past employers’ names, addresses, phone numbers, supervisors’ names, salary history and dates of employment.
9934	You may also experience lower water pressure.
9935	"You may be thinking that these jobs are rapidly disappearing, however they are not," he writes, noting one machinist shop that was on a nationwide search for enough machinists to keep up with his orders.
9936	You mean like the checks and balances he used to ram Obamacare down America's throat?
9937	You might also like to know that Australia takes prevention seriously, too.
9938	You might have your game-day look down, but homecoming isn't too far away.
9939	You must work for the government and are looking at this as a excuse to spend a lot of money on something that may not be needed.
9940	You need to be philosophical if you want to survive as a Bundesliga goalkeeper.
9941	You never feel good unless you speak from the heart, which means no finger pointing.
9942	Young (19) and advanced infielder who bypassed High-A and was September 2012 call-up.
9943	Young, 30, last played in the NFL in 2011 with the Philadelphia Eagles.
9944	Young Davis was a guest at a Gleaner Editors' Forum at the newspapers North Street office in Kingston yesterday.
9945	Young Invincibles, a healthcare consumer group, would like young adults to ask for Obamacare for a holiday gift.
9946	Young people six to 19 now have until June 28 to submit their entries.
9947	Your attitude is what creates the problem and brings down Seattle. shame on you.
9948	Your court system.
9949	You really don't have to look, its all public record.
9950	You really think Boeing loves you enough to guarantee you a job for the 30 years it takes to get a pension?
9951	You're a midget so you have "little man" complex.
9952	You're just getting nastier.
9953	You're not sitting for six hours straight."
9954	You're right - totally outside of standard procedure.
9955	"You're telling me to eat my veggies?
9956	You reveal enough to make him enticing to readers, but you do maintain his aura of mystery, too.
9957	Your MSN will have Part A services listed separately from Part B services.
9958	Your request makes perfect sense to me.
9959	Your statement is so problematic not just because of the way you uttered it with a casual disregard for a young boy's death.
9960	Your team is horrible, you have nothing to lose.
9961	Your vapid comments are astounding.
9962	You see, many of the players on both teams knew each other.
9963	You should check fees rigorously.
9964	You should give them the full attention they deserve simply because they are a fellow human being.
9965	"You should hear a live person telling you that they're sorry for the inconvenience, not a computer.
9966	"You Should Just Kill Yourself Walt": Again and again this season, we've seen the people closest to Walt forced to confront and contemplate just how diseased his soul is.
9967	You showed America the true meaning of the rule of law and freedom.
9968	You start getting involved a little more, then a little more.
9969	You stay because you still believe things will get better and, despite everything, you still feel a sense of comfort.
9970	You too do your work.
9971	You truly are LAUGHABLE with this nonsense of yours.
9972	You’ve got to offer a different plan to reduce the growth rate of health costs.
9973	“You’ve got to stop them and make them take a step back.’
9974	You want to eliminate that pain?
9975	You want to feel some oppressive humidity, go to the deep south, or Florida.
9976	You want to find different ways you can make an impact on the game because sometimes there’s not to be a fight to be had.
9977	‘‘You want to keep it going or keep it cranking, and it put you at a standstill,’’ Konerko said.
9978	You will be praying for a long time, if not forever.
9979	"You will be sorely missed, but I for one hope not for too long," Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., said.
9980	You won't get the full porcine dome this weekend, but you can get another piggy bite with the Tacos al Pastor ($10) with cochinito, roasted pineapple, and avocado salsa.
9981	You would say that you are just acting in response to reality as it is.
9982	You would think that at least one non-racist would stop it, but nope.
9983	You write him an email, he replies within a few hours and several days later he amiably opens the door to his apartment.
9984	Yukon College has reinstated its paramedic training course after the Yukon government stepped up with $23,000 in "one time" funding to make the program viable.
9985	Yuval Steinitz, the head of the Israeli delegation at the United Nations, said Iran President Hasan Rouhani is trying "to smile his way to the bomb."
9986	Zach Luce, Portland/Deering, senior forward: Has been the offensive leader for three years and will be looking for a big finale to his high school career.
9987	Zajac, 27, is coming off a season in which he missed 67 games because of offseason Achilles tendon surgery.
9988	Zakarian created the seafood-focused Ocean Blue for the ship as well as the adjacent, crustacean-serving The Raw Bar and a more casual dining option called The Waterfront.
9989	Zane Gonzalez made a pair of field goals, Kelly used a fake to set up Darwin Rogers for a 38-yard touchdown and Foster ran for 50 of 53 yards on a scoring drive he capped with a 14-yard touchdown run.
9990	Zaxby’s says a forensic investigation hasn’t determined whether credit or debit card data left the processing systems of any stores.
9991	ZE is an experienced software and strategic consulting firm that combines energy industry expertise with advanced software development capability.
9992	Zia figured his team was down a few points, so after considerable thought, he elected to bid the diamond slam.
9993	Ziegler: No, things have changed.
9994	Zimmerman did nothing wrong.
9995	Zing, you guys.
9996	Zolotarov and Scott H. Lewis, managing member of Kleynod USA, LLC, signed the agreement in Kyiv on September 20. Watches needed to fulfill the initial order are being manufactured.
9997	Zooey Deschanel and M. Ward faithfully recreate the 1978 Blondie favorite, right down to the verse in French.
9998	Zoo visitors in Winnipeg won't get to see the new arrivals right away: officials say the animals will undergo a standard 30-day quarantine period before they meet the public around late August.
9999	Zubrus closed out the scoring in the third period on a power play.
10000	ZURICH (Reuters) - Swisscom's chief executive Carsten Schloter was found dead at his home near Freiburg on Tuesday morning and initial investigations suggest that he killed himself, police said.
